#LyX 2.4 created this file. For more info see https://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 620
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{rotating}

\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{
    colorlinks=true,
    linkcolor=blue,      % internal links (sections, equations)
    citecolor=red,       % citations
    urlcolor=magenta     % URLs
}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
knitr
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children no
\language american
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding auto
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_roman_osf false
\font_sans_osf false
\font_typewriter_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement class
\float_alignment class
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_formatted_ref 0
\use_minted 0
\use_lineno 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tablestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\change_bars false
\postpone_fragile_content true
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\docbook_table_output 0
\docbook_mathml_prefix 1
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Determinants of the Gender Gap in Productivity and Gross Revenue from Maize in Eastern Uganda
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Emma Prati
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
This study investigates gender differences in maize productivity and maize revenue in Eastern Uganda,
 with a focus on the impact of improved seed adoption.
 Using a mixed-methods approach,
 the analysis combines quantitative and qualitative data with a focus on male and female headed households in the Busoga region.
 First,
 ordinary least squares models are estimated to descriptively examine gender gaps across productivity and income from maize.
 Both baseline and pooled panel data covering three rounds of data collection are used.
 Following that,
 a threefold Oaxaca-Blinder decomposition technique is employed at baseline to decompose gender gaps in productivity and income from maize into differences in endowments and differences in returns to those endowments.
 Qualitative analysis and focus group discussions complement econometric analysis by giving contextual information about gendered dynamics in maize production in the Busoga region.
 The findings show that female-headed households have lower maize productivity and substantially lower maize revenue than male-headed households.
 The decomposition results suggest that these gaps are only partly explained by differences in observable characteristics,
 while unequal returns to these resources and broader structural constraints remain key components of the gap.
 Qualitatively,
 we found that these gaps are shaped by unequal labour division,
 time constraints,
 and gendered control over maize-related resources.
 Women’s agricultural work is often combined with domestic and care responsibilities,
 limiting their time and productive capacity.
 Unequal control over maize revenue,
 social expectations,
 and discriminatory market dynamics further constrain women’s ability to benefit from maize production.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In Sub-Saharan Africa,
 agriculture remains a key driver of economic activity and a primary source of employment,
 particularly in rural areas.
 In Uganda,
 the population is predominantly rural and relies substantially on agriculture (FAO,
 2024).
 The following analysis focuses on the cultivation of maize,
 one of the most important staple crops in Ugandan agriculture.
 In this context,
 understanding underlying causes behind low agricultural performance becomes essential for food security.
 Despite that,
 progress has remained stubbornly slow,
 with productivity growth lagging well behind other regions 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Suri2022"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 This is the reason why increasing agricultural productivity and raising incomes of rural households is one of the goals of Uganda's Agriculture Sector Development Strategy and Investment Plan (DSIP),
 which aims to improve food security and nutrition for all Ugandans (De La O Campos et al.,
 2015).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One of the most persistent and costly inefficiencies is the gender gap in agricultural productivity (Buehren,
 2023).
 Although their contribution varies substantially across countries and farming systems,
 women constitute a substantial share of the agricultural labor force in Sub-Saharan Africa that goes over 55% in Uganda
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Palacios-López02092015"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 Despite that,
 women tend to achieve lower yields in comparison to their male counterparts (Mukasa,
 2015).
 A large body of literature shows that women in agriculture in Sub-Saharan Africa face persistent institutional and structural constraints,
 including a limited access to land and productive inputs,
 markets,
 credit and labour,
 as well as time constraints linked to household and care-giving responsibilities,
 that prevent them from achieving productivity levels comparable to those of men (Duflo & Udry,
 2004,
 Peterman et al.,
 2010,
 Kilic et al.,
 2015;
 Palacios-López & Lopez,
 2015;
 Ali et al.,
 2016).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In addition to the gender gap in agricultural productivity,
 agricultural income is also not distributed evenly.
 Despite income differences differing geographically,
 female-headed households remain among the poorest of the poor (Djurfeldt,
 2013).
 The literature shows that the unequal access to productive inputs and strong discriminatory barriers contribute to enhancing gender gaps in income from farm activities (Kinkingninhoun-Mêdagbé et al.,
 2010;
 Dandonougbo et al.,
 2023;
 Mkuna & Wale,
 2023).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Comment
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Another key constraint for female- headed households' agricultural productivity and income is the widespread under-adoption of modern agricultural technologies,
 such as improved seed varieties,
 fertilizers,
 and pesticides (source).
 Despite input mechanization expanding especially in maize production (Williamson,
 2008,
 more recent),
 adoption remains gendered with male-headed households being more likely to use modern inputs (Peterman et al.,
 2010;
 Sheahan & Barrett,
 2017).
 
\begin_inset Note Comment
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
However,
 existing evidence suggests that lower adoption rates among female farmers are often driven not by a lower willingness to adopt,
 but by differential access to the information and resources required to use these technologies effectively (Peterman et al.,
 2010)
\end_layout

\end_inset

Understanding adoption of modern maize seed varieties is important not only because it affects productivity and income,
 but also because it can cause and perpetuate gender gaps.
 (remove maybe?)
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The paper contributes to the bulk of evidence on gender differentials in agricultural maize productivity and gross revenue by analyzing household-level panel data from 3,500 smallholder maize farmers from the Busoga region,
 in Eastern Uganda.
 I estimate baseline and pooled OLS models and apply Oaxaca–Blinder decomposition to assess the relative contribution of differences in endowments versus structural differences in returns to these endowments in determining productivity and gross revenue gaps from maize.
 
\begin_inset Note Comment
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Furthermore,
 the analysis quantifies the impact of adoption of improved maize seed varieties on productivity and income gaps between female and male headeded households.
 To address the potential endogeneity of adoption decisions,
 an instrumental variables (IV) strategy was used to estimate the causal impact of adopting improved seed on maize productivity and income for female-headed households and male-headed households.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 In parallel,
 we conducted a qualitative analysis consisting of 16 focus group discussions with smallholder farmers in the same region.
 This mixed-methods approach provide a comprehensive understanding of gendered constraints in agricultural production.
 By jointly examining the descriptive outcomes,
 the causal components,
 and the qualitative data,
 the paper provides policy relevant evidence on the mechanisms through which gender gaps in smallholder maize systems persist.
 Understanding these gender differentiated constraints is essential for achieving an inclusive agricultural transformation,
 improving welfare and food security.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The results show that female-headed households achieve significantly lower maize productivity and revenue than male-headed households,
 and that these gaps persist even after accounting for observable differences in household and plot characteristics.
 The Oaxaca–Blinder decomposition indicates that unequal returns to resources,
 rather than unequal access to them,
 account for the majority of both gaps,
 roughly three-quarters of the productivity gap and more than half of the revenue gap.
 The qualitative evidence points to unequal labour division,
 time constraints,
 and gendered market discrimination as key mechanisms underlying these structural disparities.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The paper is structured as follows.
 Section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:2-Theoretical-Framework and Hypotesis-1"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"
nolink "false"

\end_inset

 presents the theoretical framework guiding the analysis and outlines the study's hypotheses.
 Section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec3 -Literature Review"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"
nolink "false"

\end_inset

 reviews the relevant literature and outlines the key contributions to the study of gender differentials in agricultural production in Sub-Saharan Africa.
 Section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:Data-and-Context"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"
nolink "false"

\end_inset

 describes the data sources,
 including both the quantitative household-level dataset and the qualitative fieldwork.
 Section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:Empirical Strategy"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"
nolink "false"

\end_inset

 presents the methodological approach,
 detailing the empirical strategy,
 including the OLS regressions,
 the Oaxaca–Blinder decomposition,
 the causal specification and the qualitative analysis.
 The results,
 both quantitative and qualitative,
 are presented in 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:Results"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"
nolink "false"

\end_inset

 and discussed in 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:Discussion-and-Limitations"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"
nolink "false"

\end_inset

.
 The last section
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:Conclusions"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"
nolink "false"

\end_inset

 concludes the study.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Theoretical Framework and Hypotesis 
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:2-Theoretical-Framework and Hypotesis-1"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
\begin_inset Note Comment
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
shall I mention that my hypotesis change also through the qualitative fieldwork and maybe:
 The literature reviewed above suggests that gender gaps in smallholder agriculture arise from two broad sources:
 unequal access to productive resources,
 or endowments (land,
 inputs,
 credit,
 education,
 labour),
 and unequal returns to those same resources,
 driven by structural and institutional constraints such as discriminatory social norms,
 unequal decision-making power,
 and imperfect markets (Fortin,
 Lemieux,
 & Firpo,
 2011).
 The Oaxaca–Blinder decomposition formalizes this distinction by separating an observed gender gap into an explained (endowment) component and an unexplained (structural/coefficient) component,
 and has been the standard tool for studying gender gaps in agricultural productivity since Kilic,
 Palacios-López,
 and Goldstein (2015) first applied it in this setting.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
This study investigates gender gaps between male-headed and female-headed household rather than between male- and female-managed plots within the same household.
 As De la O Campos et al.
 (2016) show,
 the choice of gender indicator materially affects both the magnitude of the estimated gap and its interpretation:
 intra-household approaches capture bargaining and labour allocation within a household,
 while inter-household approaches capture how households headed by women are treated differently by markets and communities around them.
 Given that the data identify gender only at the household-head level,
 we adopt the inter-household framing throughout.
 why do I take it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
I first examine the gender gap in maize productivity.
 Evidence on whether endowment or structural effects dominate this gap is mixed across contexts:
 studies from Malawi and Tanzania find that the productivity gap is mostly explained by unequal access to inputs (endowment effects),
 whereas studies from Ethiopia and southwest Nigeria find that most of the gap remains unexplained after controlling for observable characteristics,
 pointing to structural constraints.
 Notably,
 Bello,
 Baiyegunhi,
 Danso-Abbeam,
 and Ogundeji (2021),
 using an Oaxaca–Blinder decomposition on Nigerian rice farmers in female and male headed households,
 find that 77.7 percent of the productivity gap is structural rather than endowment-driven.
 I hypothesize that Uganda maize data will show a similar pattern because household headship is associated with differential treatment in labour markets,
 care activities,
 extension access,
 and community support networks,
 mechanisms that are not fully captured by observable covariates.
 Therefore,
 I expect the structural component to exceed the endowment component in the productivity decomposition.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Subsequently,
 I turn to the gender gap in maize revenue,
 arguing that the revenue gap cannot be simply treated as a consequence of the productivity gap.
 First,
 revenue combines two distinct margins:
 the decision to participate in the maize market at all (the extensive margin),
 and,
 conditional on participating,
 the quantity sold and the price obtained (the intensive margin).
 Second,
 these two margins are governed by different mechanisms.
 Marenya,
 Kassie,
 Jaleta,
 and Rahut (2017),
 applying an Oaxaca–Blinder framework to maize market positions of MHH and FHH in Ethiopia,
 find that structural/coefficient effects mostly explain the gap in the probability of being a net seller (check if it's not net buyer).
 This asymmetry suggests that market access is shaped by structural constraints such as information asymmetries,
 exclusion,
 mobility,
 and negotiating power.
 This distinction is directly relevant to our data:
 48.8 percent of households in our baseline sample report zero maize revenue,
 and this share is substantially higher among FHH than among MHH,
 indicating that the extensive margin is itself an important source of the gender gap in revenue,
 separate from productivity.
 However,
 the analysis also hypothesizes that,
 once having decided to sell,
 also the revenue is shaped by structural constraints (this was confirmed by the qualitative fieldwork and FGD reported in section X).
 Market discrimination could constrain women headed households with price differentiation,
 also with the same productive resources.
 A similar decomposition of maize revenue in the South African cabbage sector (Mkuna & Wale,
 2023) likewise attributes a substantial share of the income gap to structural effects related to access to markets,
 credit,
 and land tenure security.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Understanding why male-headed and female-headed households achieve different outcomes in maize production requires distinguishing between two related but analytically separate sources of inequality:
 unequal access to productive resources,
 and unequal returns to those same resources once they are held.
 This distinction,
 formalized in the labour economics literature as the split between endowment and structural (or coefficient) effects,
 provides the backbone of the empirical strategy that follows.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The starting point is historical.
 Boserup (1970) shows that Sub-Saharan Africa has long been characterized by what she terms "female farming systems",
 in which women historically held direct control over agricultural production,
 decision-making,
 and surplus,
 in contrast to the "male farming systems" typical of much of Asia.
 Colonial administrations and subsequent modernization efforts,
 however,
 systematically redirected credit,
 extension services,
 improved inputs,
 and formal land titles toward men,
 regardless of who was actually farming.
 This process did not simply fail to help women;
 it actively reallocated the institutional infrastructure of agriculture around male farmers.
 The implication for this study is that the endowment gap I expect to observe between MHH and FHH is not an incidental feature of the data,
 but the traceable legacy of a long-run institutional process that continues to shape access to inputs,
 credit,
 and formal recognition today.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This historical account,
 however,
 explains why resources came to be distributed unequally;
 it does not by itself explain why household headship,
 specifically,
 should be the relevant unit of analysis,
 rather than gender more broadly.
 For this,
 I draw on Whitehead's (1981) concept of the conjugal contract,
 developed from fieldwork with the Kusasi in Ghana.
 Whitehead shows that husbands and wives do not typically pool their labour and income into a single,
 jointly managed household economy;
 instead,
 they operate under an implicit and often unequal contract,
 with separate obligations,
 separate plots,
 and separate claims on income,
 mediated through the marital relationship itself.
 Kasente et al.
 (2002),
 applying this framework directly to non-traditional agricultural exports in Uganda,
 show that this negotiated structure continues to organize access to inputs and control over revenue in commercial farming.
 The relevance for this study is direct:
 a female-headed household is not simply a male-headed household with fewer resources.
 It is a household missing the entire negotiating counterpart,
 the person who,
 under normal circumstances,
 mediates with input dealers,
 extension officers,
 creditors,
 and buyers on the household's behalf.
 This is the theoretical basis for treating MHH and FHH as meaningfully different units,
 and for hypothesizing that a gap between them exists in the first place (H1).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Having established why a gap should exist,
 the framework turns to why part of that gap should persist even after accounting for observable endowments.
 Kabeer (1999) offers a useful starting point here,
 distinguishing between resources,
 agency,
 and achievements as three separate ingredients of empowerment.
 Her central argument is that possessing a resource is not the same as having the power to decide how it is used:
 a household may report using fertilizer,
 but the survey variable does not tell us who decided to apply it,
 when,
 or how carefully.
 This distinction matters directly for productivity,
 because it implies that equal input use recorded in the data does not guarantee equal outcomes.
 A concrete illustration is time allocated to care work:
 two plots may show identical input levels,
 yet if the person responsible for the plot is also solely responsible for childcare,
 cooking,
 and household maintenance,
 the timing and intensity of labour applied to the plot,
 weeding at the right moment,
 monitoring pest damage,
 will systematically differ,
 without this difference ever appearing in the input variables themselves.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This is precisely the mechanism that Tsikata (2009) develops further in the context of African agrarian and informal economies.
 Tsikata argues that women's agricultural labour is routinely rendered statistically invisible:
 care responsibilities are not simply an additional burden layered onto farm work,
 they compete directly with it for the same hours,
 and this competition is not captured by any of the standard productivity covariates.
 Because female household heads carry the full weight of domestic and care obligations without a co-resident partner to share or offset them,
 I expect this time constraint to bind more tightly for FHH than for MHH,
 producing a productivity gap that persists even when land,
 seed,
 and fertilizer use are held constant.
 Taken together,
 Kabeer and Tsikata provide the theoretical basis for expecting that the productivity gap between MHH and FHH will not be fully explained by differences in observable endowments,
 and that the structural,
 unexplained component,
 capturing precisely this kind of unmeasured time and agency constraint,
 will account for a larger share of the gap than endowments do (H2).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The final piece of the framework addresses revenue,
 which I treat as governed by a distinct mechanism from productivity:
 market discrimination.
 Two classic theories of discrimination,
 taken together,
 describe how this can generate a structural gap in revenue independently of any productivity difference.
 Becker (1957) describes taste-based discrimination,
 in which a buyer or institution holds an outright preference against transacting with a certain group,
 and is willing to forgo an otherwise profitable exchange to avoid it;
 this is consistent with the social stigma,
 at times amounting to accusations of witchcraft,
 directed at economically successful female-headed households in the qualitative fieldwork for this study.
 Arrow (1973) and Phelps (1972) describe statistical discrimination,
 in which a trader who cannot verify an individual seller's reliability or knowledge instead uses group membership,
 being a woman selling independently,
 as a proxy for risk or ignorance,
 resulting in worse prices,
 manipulated scales,
 or exclusion from credit.
 Whether the mechanism is outright prejudice or statistical inference under imperfect information,
 the outcome is the same:
 two households with identical maize output can receive systematically different revenue simply because of who is selling it and under what household structure.
 On this basis,
 I expect that the revenue gap,
 like the productivity gap,
 will persist after controlling for observable endowments such as plot size and input use,
 and that its structural component,
 reflecting these market-level discriminatory mechanisms rather than resource access,
 will exceed the endowment component (H3).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Based on this conceptual framework,
 the study tests the following hypotheses:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
H1:
 MHH and FHH differ in productivity and revenue from maize.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
H2:
 The gender gap in maize productivity between MHH and FHH persists after controlling for observable endowments,
 and the structural component of the gap exceeds the endowment component
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
H3:
 The gender gap in maize revenue between MHH and FHH persists after controlling for observable endowments,
 and the structural component of the gap exceeds the endowment component
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Literature Review
\lang english

\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec3 -Literature Review"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This paper contributes to the literature on gender gaps in the agricultural sector (Duflo & Udry,
 2004,
 Peterman et al.,
 2010,
 Kilic et al.,
 2015;
 Palacios-López & Lopez,
 2015;
 Ali et al.,
 2016).
 Building on the intra-household approach,
 after estimating the gap through descriptive statistics and OLS regressions,
 we advance the literature that disentangles the roles of endowment versus structural effects in driving gender disparities.
 Women face two broad categories of constraints:
 first,
 limited access to assets and productive resources (an endowment gap),
 and second,
 discriminatory social norms and institutional practices that reduce the returns they can derive from those resources (a structural constraint).
 A common approach to analyzing such gaps is the Oaxaca–Blinder decomposition of mean differences,
 a well-established empirical strategy in labor economics,
 originally developed by Oaxaca (1973) and Blinder (1973).
 Kilic,
 Palacios-López,
 and Goldstein (2015) were the first to apply this approach to the analysis of agricultural productivity and a growing number of studies followed (Palacios-López and Lopez,
 2015;
 Slavchevska ,
 2015;
 Ali et al.,
 2016;
 and De la O Campos et al.,
 2016).
 Extending this framework,
 we employ the Oaxaca–Blinder decomposition to examine gender gaps in both agricultural productivity and gross income from maize production.
 The existing literature indicates that both endowments and structural mechanisms play a role in shaping the observed gaps in agricultural productivity and income (Buehren,
 2023).
 Numerous studies on the productivity gap demonstrate that the estimated gap significantly narrows once controlled for variations in access to productive inputs (Kinkingninhoun-Mêdagbé et al.,
 2010;
 Peterman et al.,
 2014;
 Kilic et al.,
 2015;
 De la O Campos et al.,
 2016),
 highlighting the key importance of access to inputs in observed yields differentials.
 For example,
 De la O Campos et al.
 (2016) demonstrate that the gender gap in agricultural productivity in Uganda diminishes once differences in access to production factors,
 such as fertilizers and pesticides,
 are taken into account.
 In this regard,
 also Kilic et al.
 (2015) suggest that disparities in asset ownership,
 such as machinery and new technology,
 substantially contribute to the gender gap in productivity.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
However,
 other studies find that productivity and income gaps persist even after equalizing for input access,
 identifying structural constraints,
 resource allocation,
 and returns to inputs as the main contributors (Kinkingninhoun-Medagb´e et al.,
 2010;
 Palacios-López ´ and Lopez ´,
 2015;
 Ali et al.,
 2016 ;
 Dandonougbo et al.
 2023).
 Literature shows that child dependency ratio,
 social expectation and time poverty play a key role in shaping these differences (Ali et al.,
 2016;
 Sell et al.,
 2018;
 Pierotti et al.,
 2022;
 Donald et al.,
 2023).
 According to Sell et al.
 (2018),
 women’s lower level of productivity is negatively associated with the number of household members.
 Time constraints may be more binding for women as a great proportion of their time is devoted to activities that do not generate an income,
 such as childcare,
 elderly care and food preparation and prevent them from engaging in agricultural activities (Buehren,
 2023 & Pierotti et al.,
 2022).
 In Uganda,
 for example,
 evidence shows that two fifths of the gender gap in productivity are explained by unequal returns to the child dependency ratio (Ali et al.,
 2016).
 Evidence from the literature also suggests that social norms and expectations in market orientation and risk preferences could explain the gender gap in productivity (Ali et al,
 2016;
 Duflo & Udry,
 2004;
 Reynolds et al.,
 2020).
 Women usually place lower value on cash crops,
 overlooking income potential and high market prices,
 while favoring food security (Duflo & Udry,
 2004).
 Other factors that might explain the gender gap in productivity and income from maize are the discriminations in labour and credit markets (Kilic et al.,
 2015;
 Palacios-López & Lopez,
 2015;
 Ali et al.,
 2016;).
 Palacios-López and Lopez (2015) claim that correcting market failures could positively impact female farmers’ productivity.
 Limited access to financial credit further constrains women’s ability to adopt modern technologies,
 machinery,
 and improved agricultural practices,
 reinforcing existing productivity and income disparities (Buehren,
 2023).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Although these contributions provide a meaningful overview,
 context-specific analysis is required to effectively guide policy recommendations.
 We extend this body of work by estimating gender gaps in agricultural productivity and income from maize in male and female headed households using plot-level data from the Busoga region of Uganda for 2021–2022.
 Gender gap in agricultural productivity,
 particularly in maize production,
 usually translates into a gender gap in income,
 as documented by Buehren (2023),
 thereby reinforcing processes of feminiation of poverty.
 However,
 while gender disparities in agricultural productivity have been extensively studied,
 evidence on gendered income differentials from farming in Africa remains limited and fragmented (Mkuna & Wale,
 2023),
 especially in maize production in Uganda.
 Mkuna and Wale (2023) records gender income gap of approximately 50% in cabbage farmers in South Africa.
 Previous research suggests that the average agricultural farm income gap observed between men and women is about 66% in Togo rural areas (Dandonougbo et al.,
 2023).
 Through a study in Benin on rice production,
 Kinkingninhoun-Mêdagbé et al.
 (2010) show that the average income of men is more than four times that of women.
 These findings motivate further investigation into the income gap in maize production in Uganda.
 
\begin_inset Note Comment
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
The literature shows that prevailing cultural norms and local systems of land access often disadvantage women,
 who rarely inherit land and instead cultivate plots borrowed from husbands or relatives,
 frequently consisting of smaller and lower-quality parcels;
 this pattern of gender-based marginalization in land allocation,
 both in terms of quantity and quality,
 has been widely documented in Sub-Saharan Africa (Basile,
 2001;
 Dey Abbas,
 1997;
 Saito et al.,
 1994;
 Palmer,
 1991;
 Lubbock,
 1988),
 suggesting that differences in endowments could play a key role in shaping different agricultural outcomes.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
While decomposition methods identify the relative contribution of observable characteristics and structural differences,
 they do not establish causal relationships.
 After presenting descriptive evidence,
 the paper examines the causal relationship between the adoption of hybrid maize seeds varieties and both maize productivity and gross farm income using an instrumental variables (IV) approach.
 Existing research on gender inequalities in access to agricultural technologies has largely focused on inorganic fertilizers,
 while evidence on improved seed adoption remains vague (Peterman et al.,
 2010).
 Doss and Morris (2001) find that once controlled for complementary inputs,
 differences in adoption rates between male and female farmers largely disappear.
 
\begin_inset Note Comment
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
According to several studies,
 technology adoption represents one of the main channels through which differences in access to inputs translate into productivity and income disparities (source)
\end_layout

\end_inset

In contrast,
 other studies argue that even with similar access to modern inputs,
 women often obtain lower returns from their use (Tiruneh et al.,
 2001;
 Sanginga et al.,
 2007).
 Djurfeldt (2013) claims that the benefits of technology adoption depend not only on access to inputs but also on the ability to integrate into markets dynamics,
 highlighting the role of commercialization,
 access to markets and information.
 The weaknesses in agricultural credit markets further limit farmers’ ability to finance investments in improved inputs (Sheahan & Barrett,
 2017).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This paper contributes to this literature by extending the analysis of gender gaps beyond productivity alone and jointly examining adoption of improved seed varieties,
 productivity,
 and gross income outcomes.
 By combining causal estimation with decomposition methods and qualitative evidence,
 the study provides new evidence on the mechanisms through which gender disparities in smallholder maize systems arise and persist.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Data and Context
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:Data-and-Context"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Ugandan Context
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maize is cultivated by the majority of rural households in East Africa,
 making the Ugandan experience broadly comparable to that of other African countries (Sell et al.,
 2018).
 Previous research suggests that climate change is expected to have a significant negative effect on maize production in Uganda,
 with projected yield losses of around 5% by 2050 (Kikoyo & Norbert,
 2016).
 mention employment of population and percentage of gdp in agriculture.
 In an agricultural context with such constraints and challenges,
 where increasing yields through cultivated area is not possible,
 understanding underlying causes behind low agricultural performance becomes essential for food security.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Quantitative Data
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Quantitative Sample
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The paper uses panel data from three survey rounds with approximately 3,500 smallholder maize farmers in southeastern Uganda.
 The data were originally collected within a broader research project examining agro-input dealers and farmer interactions in Uganda (De et al.,
 2024;
 Miehe et al.,
 2025,
 2026).
 The agro-dealer sample was constructed by listing all agro-dealers operating across eleven districts in the Busoga region,
 an area characterized by smallholder maize production,
 where maize serves both as a staple food and a cash crop.
 To link agro-dealers with farmers,
 each agro-dealer was asked to identify the villages where most of their customers reside.
 Enumerators then randomly sampled ten maize-growing households from each of these villages,
 yielding the sample of 3,470 farmers.
 This sampling frame allows us to assume that sampled farmers have reasonable access to improved maize varieties,
 should they choose to adopt them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Enumerators interviewed the household member most knowledgeable about maize cultivation.
 A subset of questions specifically targeted the household head,
 who may or may not have been the respondent.
 In addition to general information on agricultural practices,
 farmers were asked to list all their maize plots,
 from which one was randomly selected for detailed data collection.
 This approach minimized survey duration and respondent burden while preserving representativeness at the household level,
 due to the random selection of plots.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The first round of data were collected in April 2021,
 followed by the second round of surveys in January-February 2022 and third round of surveys in July-August 2022.
 Of the 3,470 farmers interviewed in the first round of data collection,
 3,407 were re-interviewed at second one and 3,441 at the third round.
 
\begin_inset Note Comment
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
In our case,
 plot-level measures of soil quality and others are missing.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Measurement of Key Outcome Variables
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The analysis focuses on three main outcome variables:
 agricultural productivity,
 income from maize and the adoption of improved maize seeds varieties.
 All variables are measured on the randomly selected plot.
 Agricultural productivity is measured as maize yield per unit of cultivated land,
 capturing differences in output across plots.
 Maize gross revenue is measured as the gross value of maize sales,
 expressed in Ugandan shillings.
 For households that did not sell maize,
 income is set to zero.
 For households that reported selling maize,
 income is calculated as the quantity sold multiplied by the unit price received.
 Observations with missing information on sold quantities or bag prices among sellers are left as missing.
 The estimated decomposition reflects differences in both market participation and conditional revenue,
 as zero income observations represent non-participation in maize sales.
 Hybrid seeds adoption is measured as a binary indicator equal to one if the household reports using one of the officially recognized hybrid maize varieties (Longe 10H,
 Longe 7H,
 Longe 7R Kayongo-go,
 Bazooka,
 Longe 6H,
 Panner,
 Wema,
 or KH series) on the randomly selected plot during the reference season,
 and zero otherwise.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Given the skewed distribution and the presence of zero values in the outcome variables,
 maize productivity and gross income are transformed using the inverse hyperbolic sine (IHS) transformation in the empirical analysis.
 Skewness is according to the adjusted Fisher-Pearson coefficient of skewness exceeding 1.96.
 To address the recent critiques by Mullahy and Norton (2022) we applied the IHS transformation cautiously when dealing with outcome variables that have many zeros and impacts on the extensive margin.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The descriptive statistics,
 reported in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "descriptive statistics"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"
nolink "false"

\end_inset

,
 report significant differences in maize productivity,
 income from maize sales and hybrid seeds adoption between male and female headed households.
 Productivity is higher for male-headed households,
 both in standard units (kg/acre) and when using the IHS transformation.
 Similarly,
 income from maize sales shows a statistically significant difference in levels and IHS terms,
 favoring male-headed households.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Descriptive statistics and Measurement of Key Covariates
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "descriptive statistics"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"
nolink "false"

\end_inset

 presents baseline descriptive statistics separately for male- and female-headed households.
 For each variable,
 the table reports the mean,
 minimum,
 maximum,
 standard deviation,
 and number of non-missing observations for each group.
 The final column reports the difference in means between male- and female-headed households,
 together with significance levels from two-sided t-tests of equality of means.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The table covers access to agro-input markets,
 household demographic and socioeconomic characteristics,
 farm and land endowments,
 plot-level input use and management practices,
 maize sales,
 and the three main outcome variables:
 maize production,
 land productivity,
 and maize sales income.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

<<echo=FALSE,
 results='hide',
 message=FALSE,
 warning=FALSE>>=
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

path <- getwd()
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

source(paste(path,
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

/Descriptives.R
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

,sep=
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

/
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

))
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

options(encoding = "UTF-8")
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Sys.setlocale("LC_ALL",
 "en_US.UTF-8")
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

@
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
placement H
alignment center
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
Gender-disaggregated descriptive statistics measured at baseline
\series default
\lang english

\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "descriptive statistics"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
small
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
setlength{
\backslash
tabcolsep}{1 pt}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
renewcommand{
\backslash
arraystretch}{1.1}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{l|ccccc|ccccc|c}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1}{c}{} & 
\backslash
multicolumn{5}{c}{Male-headed households} & 
\backslash
multicolumn{5}{c}{Female-headed households} & 
\backslash
multicolumn{1}{c}{T-test} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& Mean & Min & Max & SD & Obs.
 & Mean & Min & Max & SD & Obs.
 & Diff.
 (M-F) 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Homestead’s distance to nearest agro-input shop in km
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[1,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[1,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[1,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[1,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[1,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[1,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[1,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[1,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[1,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[1,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[1]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of agro-input shops in village or neighborhood
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[2,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[2,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[2,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[2,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[2,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[2,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[2,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[2,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[2,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[2,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[2]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of household members
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[5,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[5,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[5,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[5,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[5,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[5,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[5,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[5,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[5,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[5,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[5]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Household head’s age in years
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[6,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[6,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[6,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[6,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[6,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[6,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[6,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[6,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[6,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[6,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[6]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Household head finished primary education (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[7,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[7,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[7,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[7,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[7,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[7,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[7,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[7,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[7,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[7,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[7]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Respondent is household head's spouse (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[8,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[8,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[8,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[8,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[8,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[8,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[8,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[8,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[8,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[8,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[8]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Respondent is household head (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[9,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[9,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[9,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[9,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[9,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[9,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[9,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[9,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[9,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[9,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[9]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Household head is married (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[10,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[10,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[10,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[10,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[10,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[10,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[10,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[10,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[10,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[10,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[10]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Land for crop production in acres
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[3,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[3,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[3,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[3,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[3,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[3,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[3,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[3,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[3,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[3,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[3]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of maize plots
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[4,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[4,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[4,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[4,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[4,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[4,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[4,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[4,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[4,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[4,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[4]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Farmer used quality seed (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[11,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[11,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[11,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[11,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[11,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[11,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[11,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[11,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[11,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[11,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[11]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Farmer is member of maize farmer group/cooperative (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[12,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[12,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[12,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[12,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[12,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[12,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[12,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[12,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[12,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[12,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[12]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Area of randomly selected plot in acres
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[13,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[13,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[13,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[13,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[13,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[13,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[13,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[13,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[13,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[13,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[13]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Cost of seed used on this plot in UGX
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[14,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[14,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[14,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[14,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[14,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[14,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[14,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[14,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[14,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[14,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[14]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Farmer applied DAP/NPK on this plot (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[15,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[15,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[15,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[15,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[15,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[15,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[15,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[15,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[15,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[15,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[15]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Farmer applied Urea on this plot (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[16,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[16,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[16,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[16,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[16,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[16,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[16,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[16,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[16,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[16,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[16]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Farmer applied pesticides/herbicides/fungicides on this plot (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[17,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[17,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[17,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[17,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[17,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[17,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[17,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[17,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[17,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[17,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[17]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Farmer applied organic manure on this plot (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[18,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[18,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[18,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[18,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[18,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[18,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[18,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[18,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[18,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[18,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[18]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Farmer re-sowed seeds on this plot (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[19,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[19,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[19,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[19,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[19,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[19,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[19,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[19,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[19,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[19,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[19]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of times the farmer weeded this plot
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[20,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[20,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[20,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[20,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[20,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[20,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[20,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[20,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[20,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[20,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[20]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Farmer sold maize from this plot (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[21,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[21,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[21,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[21,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[21,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[21,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[21,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[21,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[21,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[21,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[21]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of maize bags sold from this plot
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[22,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[22,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[22,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[22,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[22,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[22,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[22,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[22,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[22,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[22,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[22]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Bag price in thousand UGX
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[23,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[23,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[23,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[23,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[23,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[23,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[23,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[23,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[23,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[23,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[23]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Farmer used hybrid seed on this plot (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[29,1],2),
 nsmall=2)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[29,2],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[29,3],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[29,4],2),
 nsmall=2)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[29,5],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[29,1],2),
 nsmall=2)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[29,2],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[29,3],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[29,4],2),
 nsmall=2)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[29,5],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[29]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Production from this plot in kg
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[24,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[24,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[24,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[24,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[24,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[24,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[24,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[24,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[24,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[24,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[24]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Land productivity on this plot in kg/acre
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[25,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[25,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[25,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[25,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[25,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[25,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[25,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[25,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[25,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[25,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[25]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Land productivity on this plot (IHS)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[26,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[26,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[26,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[26,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[26,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[26,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[26,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[26,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[26,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[26,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[26]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize sales income on this plot in thousand UGX
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[27,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[27,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[27,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[27,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[27,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[27,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[27,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[27,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[27,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[27,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[27]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize sales income on this plot (IHS)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[28,1],2),
 nsmall=2)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[28,2],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[28,3],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[28,4],2),
 nsmall=2)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[28,5],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[28,1],2),
 nsmall=2)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[28,2],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[28,3],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[28,4],2),
 nsmall=2)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[28,5],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[28]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
raggedright
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note:
 Columns (1)–(5) report the mean,
 minimum,
 maximum,
 standard deviation,
 and number of non-missing observations for 
\backslash
textit{male-headed households};
 columns (6)–(10) report the same statistics for 
\backslash
textit{female-headed households}.
 Column (11) reports mean differences (male - female),
 with significance based on two-sided t-tests of equality of means.
 Significance levels:
 *** p<0.01,
 ** p<0.05,
 * p<0.10.
 All statistics are measured at baseline.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Caro:
 this is your original table,
 I did some minor improvements:
 
\begin_inset Float table
placement H
alignment center
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
Gender-disaggregated descriptive statistics measured at baseline
\series default
\lang english

\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "descriptive statistics"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
setlength{
\backslash
tabcolsep}{1 pt}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
renewcommand{
\backslash
arraystretch}{1.1}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{l|ccccc|ccccc|c}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{5}{c}{Male-headed households} & 
\backslash
multicolumn{5}{c}{Female-headed households} & 
\backslash
multicolumn{1}{c}{t-test} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& Mean & Min & Max & SD & Obs.
 & Mean & Min & Max & SD & Obs.
 & Diff.
 (M-F) 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{7-11}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{12-12}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Distance of homestead to nearest agro-input shop selling maize seed in km
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[1,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[1,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[1,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[1,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[1,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[1,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[1,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[1,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[1,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[1,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[1]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of agro-input shops in the village or neighborhood
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[2,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[2,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[2,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[2,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[2,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[2,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[2,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[2,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[2,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[2,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[2]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Available land for crop production in acres
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[3,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[3,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[3,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[3,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[3,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[3,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[3,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[3,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[3,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[3,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[3]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of plots used to grow maize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[4,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[4,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[4,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[4,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[4,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[4,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[4,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[4,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[4,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[4,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[4]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of household members
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[5,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[5,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[5,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[5,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[5,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[5,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[5,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[5,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[5,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[5,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[5]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Age of household head in years
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[6,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[6,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[6,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[6,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[6,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[6,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[6,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[6,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[6,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[6,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[6]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Household-head finished primary education (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[7,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[7,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[7,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[7,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[7,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[7,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[7,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[7,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[7,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[7,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[7]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Respondent is the spouse of the household head (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[8,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[8,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[8,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[8,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[8,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[8,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[8,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[8,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[8,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[8,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[8]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

The respondent is household head (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[9,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[9,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[9,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[9,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[9,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[9,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[9,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[9,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[9,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[9,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[9]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Household head is married (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[10,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[10,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[10,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[10,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[10,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[10,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[10,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[10,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[10,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[10,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[10]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

The respondent used quality seeds (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[11,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[11,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[11,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[11,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[11,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[11,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[11,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[11,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[11,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[11,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[11]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

The respondent is part of a farmer group or cooperative (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[12,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[12,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[12,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[12,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[12,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[12,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[12,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[12,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[12,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[12,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[12]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Area of the randomly selected plot in acres
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[13,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[13,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[13,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[13,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[13,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[13,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[13,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[13,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[13,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[13,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[13]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Total cost of seed used for the randomly selected plot in UGX
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[14,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[14,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[14,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[14,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[14,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[14,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[14,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[14,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[14,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[14,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[14]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

DAP/NPK applied in the randomly selected plot (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[15,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[15,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[15,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[15,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[15,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[15,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[15,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[15,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[15,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[15,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[15]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Urea applied in the randomly selected plot (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[16,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[16,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[16,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[16,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[16,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[16,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[16,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[16,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[16,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[16,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[16]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Pesticides,
 herbicides or fungicides applied in the randomly selected plot (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[17,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[17,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[17,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[17,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[17,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[17,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[17,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[17,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[17,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[17,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[17]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Organic manure applied in the randomly selected plot (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[18,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[18,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[18,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[18,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[18,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[18,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[18,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[18,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[18,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[18,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[18]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Resowing in the randomly selected plot (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[19,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[19,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[19,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[19,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[19,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[19,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[19,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[19,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[19,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[19,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[19]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of weeding times in the randomly selected plot
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[20,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[20,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[20,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[20,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[20,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[20,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[20,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[20,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[20,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[20,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[20]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

The household sold maize from the randomly selected plot (1=yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[21,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[21,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[21,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[21,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[21,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[21,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[21,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[21,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[21,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[21,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[21]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of maize bags sold from the randomly selected plot
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[22,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[22,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[22,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[22,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[22,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[22,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[22,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[22,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[22,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[22,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[22]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Bag price in thousand UGX
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[23,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[23,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[23,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[23,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[23,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[23,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[23,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[23,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[23,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[23,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[23]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Yield from the randomly selected plot in kg
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[24,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[24,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[24,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[24,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[24,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[24,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[24,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[24,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[24,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[24,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[24]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize productivity of the randomly selected plot in kg/acres
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[25,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[25,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[25,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[25,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[25,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[25,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[25,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[25,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[25,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[25,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[25]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize productivity of the randomly selected plot in kg/acre (IHS)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[26,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[26,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[26,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[26,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[26,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[26,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[26,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[26,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[26,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[26,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[26]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Income from maize sales from the randomly selected plot in thousand UGX
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[27,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[27,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[27,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[27,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[27,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[27,1],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[27,2],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[27,3],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[27,4],2),nsmall=2)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[27,5],0),nsmall=0)}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[27]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Income from maize sales from the randomly selected plot  in thousand UGX(IHS)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[28,1],2),
 nsmall=2)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[28,2],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[28,3],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[28,4],2),
 nsmall=2)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[28,5],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[28,1],2),
 nsmall=2)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[28,2],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[28,3],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[28,4],2),
 nsmall=2)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[28,5],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[28]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

The respondent adopted hybrid seeds variety on the randomly selected plot (1=Yes)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[29,1],2),
 nsmall=2)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[29,2],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[29,3],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[29,4],2),
 nsmall=2)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_male[29,5],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[29,1],2),
 nsmall=2)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[29,2],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[29,3],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[29,4],2),
 nsmall=2)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{format(round(df_descriptives_female[29,5],0),
 nsmall=0)} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{diff_fmt[29]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note:
 For each variable,
 columns (1)-(5) report mean,
 min,
 max,
 SD,
 and non-missing observations for 
\backslash
textit{Male};
 columns (6)–(10) report the same for 
\backslash
textit{Female}.
 Column (11) reports mean differences (Male - Female) with significance from two-sided t-tests of equality of means.
 Significance:
 *** p<0.01,
 ** p<0.05,
 * p<0.10.
 All statistics are measured at baseline.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Note Comment
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Float table
placement class
alignment center
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
Gender disaggregated descriptive statistics (Pooled sample)
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
small
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
setlength{
\backslash
tabcolsep}{3pt}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
renewcommand{
\backslash
arraystretch}{1.1}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{lcccccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{Baseline} & 
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{Midline} & 
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{Endline} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Variables & Male & Female & Male & Female & Male & Female 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize productivity (IHS) &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("yield_per_acre_ihs","baseline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("yield_per_acre_ihs","baseline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("yield_per_acre_ihs","midline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("yield_per_acre_ihs","midline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("yield_per_acre_ihs","endline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("yield_per_acre_ihs","endline","Female")} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize income (IHS) &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("maize_income_ihs","baseline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("maize_income_ihs","baseline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("maize_income_ihs","midline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("maize_income_ihs","midline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("maize_income_ihs","endline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("maize_income_ihs","endline","Female")} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Plot area (acres) &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("r_maize_plot_area","baseline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("r_maize_plot_area","baseline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("r_maize_plot_area","midline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("r_maize_plot_area","midline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("r_maize_plot_area","endline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("r_maize_plot_area","endline","Female")} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used quality seed (1=Yes) &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("quality_seed_used","baseline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("quality_seed_used","baseline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("quality_seed_used","midline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("quality_seed_used","midline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("quality_seed_used","endline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("quality_seed_used","endline","Female")} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

DAP/NPK applied (1=Yes) &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("dap_npk_applied","baseline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("dap_npk_applied","baseline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("dap_npk_applied","midline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("dap_npk_applied","midline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("dap_npk_applied","endline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("dap_npk_applied","endline","Female")} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Urea applied (1=Yes) &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("urea_applied","baseline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("urea_applied","baseline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("urea_applied","midline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("urea_applied","midline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("urea_applied","endline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("urea_applied","endline","Female")} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Organic manure applied (1=Yes) &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("organic_manure_applied","baseline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("organic_manure_applied","baseline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("organic_manure_applied","midline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("organic_manure_applied","midline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("organic_manure_applied","endline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("organic_manure_applied","endline","Female")} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Chemicals applied (1=Yes) &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("chemicals_applied","baseline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("chemicals_applied","baseline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("chemicals_applied","midline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("chemicals_applied","midline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("chemicals_applied","endline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("chemicals_applied","endline","Female")} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Weeding times &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("weed_times","baseline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("weed_times","baseline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("weed_times","midline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("weed_times","midline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("weed_times","endline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("weed_times","endline","Female")} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Resowing (1=Yes) &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("resow","baseline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("resow","baseline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("resow","midline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("resow","midline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("resow","endline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("resow","endline","Female")} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Sold maize (1=Yes) &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("maize_sold","baseline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("maize_sold","baseline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("maize_sold","midline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("maize_sold","midline","Female")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("maize_sold","endline","Male")} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{fmt_cell_g("maize_sold","endline","Female")} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{minipage}{0.95
\backslash
linewidth}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
textit{Note:} Mean (SD) and non-missing N (in brackets) are reported for the pooled farmer-round sample used in the panel analysis,
 by survey round and household-head gender (baseline-based).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{minipage}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Quantitative Data Limitations
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The assessment of gender gaps in agriculture generally relies on two different empirical approaches and indicators that significantly influence the analysis of gender differences (De la O Campos et al.,
 2016).
 This paper makes use of inter-household analyses,
 which compare agricultural production in male and female headed households.
 The alternative approach adopts an intra-household perspective,
 comparing production on female and male managed plots within the same household,
 allowing household characteristics to be held constant.
 As mentioned by Ali et al.
 (2016),
 since most female-managed plots are located within male-headed households,
 the first approach may draw inferences from a non-representative subset of women farmers and misclassify plots by gender.
 The use of household headship is further problematic because it does not capture who makes agricultural decisions or controls productive assets,
 nor does it account for intra-household power dynamics that shape resource allocation (Udry,
 1996).
 Despite that,
 the intra-household approach requires more detailed data and may face limitations in sample size and external validity.
 In this study,
 the use of an inter-household approach is driven by data availability,
 as gender information was collected at the level of the household head,
 making intra-household quantitative analysis infeasible.
 Nevertheless,
 this limitation is partly addressed through qualitative data,
 which provide insights into intra-household decision-making processes and power relations and complement the inter-household quantitative analysis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The paper can rely on relatively few female-headed households,
 which limits statistical power of the analysis.
 At baseline,
 we recorded the gender of the household head,
 identifying 774 female-headed households (22% of 3,470 farmers).
 At the endline,
 we recorded 760 female household heads (23% of 3,299).
 No information on the gender of the household head was collected at the midline stage;
 however,
 it is unlikely that there were any substantial changes during this period.
 Therefore,
 for the midline analysis,
 the gender classification observed at baseline and endline was assumed to remain unchanged.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
These limitations represent a weakness of the study.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Qualitative Data
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Qualitative Sample
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The qualitative component of the data is based on fieldwork conducted in the Busoga region in south-east Uganda.
 Taking place over approximately 15 days between November and December 2025,
 the fieldwork covered several villages in the districts of Iganga,
 Bugweri,
 Bugiri and Mayuge.
 Sixteen focus group discussions (FGDs) were held,
 each with 10 participants (160 participants in total).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The composition of the groups was defined to capture specific gender perspectives,
 therefore 5 FGDs were women-only,
 5 were men-only,
 and 6 were mixed.
 The single-gender groups were used to encourage the participants to freely express experiences and opinions by reducing possible effects of bias and power asymmetries that can arise in mixed contexts.
 On the other hand,
 mixed groups allowed us to observe how intra-family norms and roles are reproduced in the discussion.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Participants were selected randomly,
 ensuring a range of ages,
 with all participants being adults.
 All the people selected were plot managers,
 but not necessarily the household head.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Qualitative Content and Approach
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The discussions were guided by a semi-structured outline consisting mainly of open-ended questions,
 probes and follow-ups.
 Moreover,
 to stimulate an open and participatory discussion,
 participants were encouraged to reflect on concrete examples and real-life situations.
 The questions (provided in the Appendix) covered topics related to gender norms,
 the division of labour and time use,
 economic empowerment,
 decision-making processes,
 power dynamics within the households,
 the adoption of new technology,
 and market access.
 All FGDs were conducted in Lusoga language by two enumerators and lasted an average of about two hours.
 In all of them it was ensured privacy and confidentiality.
 In particular,
 women and male partners were not involved in the same session as this could compromise safety or freedom of expression.
 The qualitative work aimed to contextualize the quantitative results and explore underlying social mechanisms.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Qualitative Data Limitations
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
FGDs were conducted in Lusoga and later translated.
 Therefore,
 nuances,
 humor,
 and culturally embedded meanings can be lost or reshaped through translation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The enumerator's male gender may have limited openness in women-only groups,
 particularly on themes like home conflict,
 threats,
 and sexual duties.
 The occasional presence of local leaders (e.g.,
 chairperson) can further influence answers toward "community-approved" narratives and diminish participants' willingness to criticize norms.
 Although qualitative findings help explain reasons why disparities may persist,
 there is no direct correlation between specific FGD participants and survey households.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Moreover,
 the qualitative findings are highly context-specific,
 including gender norms,
 labor arrangements,
 and market interactions unique to the Busoga region in Eastern Uganda.
 Nevertheless,
 the revealed mechanisms may help us to understand gender-based restrictions in similar rural settings,
 assuming that contextual differences are carefully recognised.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Empirical Strategy
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:Empirical Strategy"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
OLS Specification of Gender Gap 
\begin_inset Note Comment
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Include tests like:
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The analysis focuses on the three main outcomes described in detailed Section 3.
 Gender gaps in maize productivity,
 gross income from maize and adoption of hybrid seeds varieties are first estimated using Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) regressions.
 The baseline specification is based on a standarrd agricultural production specification (Udry,
 1996) in the form:
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
Y_{ht}=\alpha+\beta X_{ij}+\gamma G_{h}+\varepsilon_{ij}\label{eq:one-1}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\lang english
Caro:
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
Y_{h}=\alpha+\beta G_{h}+\gamma X_{h}+\varepsilon_{h}\label{eq:one-1}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
where
\lang english

\begin_inset Formula $Y_{h}$
\end_inset


\lang american
 denotes the outcome of interest for household h measured alternatively as maize productivity,
 gross income from maize and adoption of hybrid seeds.
 While previous studies model productivity outcomes in logarithmic form (Udry,
 1996),
 we employ the inverse hyperbolic sine transformation to accommodate zero productivity and income observations:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
ainh(Y)=ln(Y+\sqrt{Y^{2}+1})\label{eq:one-1-3}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
check again and maybe add:
 The IHS transformation is preferred because it is defined at zero and reduces the influence of extreme values in highly skewed outcome distributions.
 For larger values of the outcome,
 it behaves similarly to a logarithmic transformation,
 although percentage interpretations should be treated as approximate
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When considering the adoption of hybrid seed as an outcome variable,
 the OLS specification corresponds to a Linear Probability Model (LPM).
 While nonlinear models such as logit or probit are often used for binary outcomes,
 the LPM provides a straightforward interpretation and facilitates comparison with the continuous outcomes analyzed in this study.
 However,
 the LPM has some limitations.
 The main disadvantage is that the predicted value could fall outside the zero-to-one probability values (Gujarati,
 2021).
 Robustness checks using logit specifications that follow logistic cumulative distribution are reported in the Appendix and present similar results.
\begin_inset Note Comment
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
logit used by (Banerjee and Martin,
 2009;
 Aneani et al.,
 2012;
 Challa and Tilahun,2014;
 Dhraief et al.,
 2018;
 Murtaza et al.,
 2020)
\end_layout

\end_inset

 Using the LPM,
 in Section 5 coefficients are interpreted as percentage-point changes in the probability of adoption.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In equation (1),
 β measures the conditional effect of X on the outcome (or,
 in the case of adoption,
 in the probability of adoption) between male and female headed households.
 Gh is a binary indicator equal to one if the household head is male and zero otherwise.
 The vector X includes a set of control variables commonly used in the literature on gender gaps in agricultural outcomes (Kinkingninhoun-Mêdagbé et al.,
 2010;
 Peterman et al.
 2010;
 Palacios-López & López,
 2015;
 Wayagi et al.,
 2025).
 The controls are household socio-economic characteristics,
 farm size and input use,
 labor availability,
 and access to markets and agricultural services.
 Due to data limitations,
 the analysis does not include detailed agro-climatic and soil quality indicators,
 such as rainfall variability or irrigation intensity,
 which may also affect agricultural outcomes.
 The error term εh captures unobserved factors affecting agricultural outcomes.
 The full set of covariates and the corresponding regression specifications are reported in Tables 2 and 3 in the results section.
 
\begin_inset Note Comment
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Some variables reported in the descriptive statistics are excluded from the regression analysis either because they are highly collinear with included covariates or because they could create problems of endogeneity.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In addition to cross-section specifications based solely on the baseline sample,
 pooled ordinary least squares (OLS) regressions are estimated by combining baseline,
 midline and endline observations into a single household-level panel dataset.
 Using pooled sample increases the statistical power of the analysis and allows us to verify whether gender differences in agricultural outcomes persist over time once the observable characteristics of households and agricultural activity have been controlled for.
 In the pooled specification,
 the model takes the form:
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
Y_{ht}=\alpha+\beta X_{ij}+\gamma G_{h}+\delta_{t}+\varepsilon_{ij}\label{eq:one-1-2}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
where 𝑡 denotes the survey round and 𝛿𝑡 represents survey-round fixed effects that capture time-specific factors affecting all households simultaneously,
 such as seasonal conditions,
 price fluctuations,
 or other aggregate shocks.
 Including fixed round effects enables comparisons to be made between male and female households within the same period,
 preventing average differences between rounds from being mistakenly attributed to gender.
 
\begin_inset Note Comment
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Fixed effects at the household level are not included in the analysis as these effects would absorb all the characteristics of the household that remain unchanged over time,
 including the gender variable (see Ali et al.,
 2016).
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Some of the covariates collected at baseline were not re-measured in the midline and endline surveys.
 These variables capture household characteristics,
 which we assume remain constant over the study period.
 Accordingly,
 baseline values are carried forward in the pooled panel analysis.
 These include education level,
 household size,
 age of the household head,
 distance to the nearest agro-input shop,
 and the number of agro-input shops in the village.
 As stated before,
 no information on the gender of the household head was collected at the midline stage;
 however,
 it is unlikely that there were any substantial changes during this period.
 Therefore,
 for the midline analysis,
 the gender classification observed at baseline and endline was assumed to remain unchanged.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
All OLS specifications use robust standard errors.
 In pooled specifications,
 standard errors are clustered at the household level to account for repeated observations of the same household over time.
 Additional diagnostic checks,
 including tests for heteroskedasticity,
 functional-form sensitivity,
 multicollinearity,
 and influential observations,
 are used to assess the robustness of the estimates.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Oaxaca-Blinder Decomposition
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To investigate the sources of gender disparities in productivity and income,
 we apply the Blinder-Oaxaca decomposition (Blinder,
 1973;
 Oaxaca,
 1973).
 The OLS regressions described provide the basis for the decomposition methods.
 This technique decomposes observed gender gaps into two components:
 the endowment effect and the structural effect.
 The endowment effect captures differences due to observable characteristics,
 such as access to land,
 credit,
 education,
 and inputs.
 The structural effect accounts for differences in returns to those resources,
 potentially reflecting discriminatory social norms or practices.
 The Oaxaca–Blinder decomposition therefore quantifies the contribution of observable characteristics commonly available in household survey data while acknowledging that unobserved data not computed in the equation,
 such as agro-ecological conditions may remain captured in the returns component (Fortin et al.,
 2011).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Based on the work of Kilic et al.
 (2015),
 we derived the average gap between men and women "D",
 expressed as the average difference in productivity and income:
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
D=E(Y_{m})-E(Y_{f})\label{eq:one-1-1}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Where 
\begin_inset Formula $Y_{m}$
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Formula $Y_{f}$
\end_inset

 denote the expected outcomes for male and female headed households,
 obtained from linear estimation of agricultural productivity and income expressed in inverse hyperbolic sine (IHS) units.
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Do I have to justify better that the male are the non-discriminated group?
 Maybe Add:
 Since the gap is defined as male minus female,
 positive values indicate higher average productivity or income among male-headed households relative to female-headed households.
 Reversing the order of the groups would produce the same magnitude with the opposite sign
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Equation (1) relies on the restrictive assumption that the returns to observable characteristics are identical for male and female headed households.
 To relax this assumption,
 we follow standard practice in the literature and estimate separate linear regressions for each group.
 The expected outcome of the gender-specific regressions can be written as:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
E(Y_{m})=\bar{X}_{m}\hat{\beta}_{m})\label{eq:one-1-1-1}
\end{equation}

\end_inset

 
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
E(Y_{f})=\bar{X}_{f}\hat{\beta}_{f})\label{eq:one-1-1-2}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\lang american
Where 
\begin_inset Formula $X_{m}$
\end_inset


\family roman
\series medium
\shape up
\size normal
\emph off
\nospellcheck off
\bar no
\strikeout off
\xout off
\uuline off
\uwave off
\noun off
\color none
and 
\family default
\series default
\shape default
\size default
\emph default
\nospellcheck default
\bar default
\strikeout default
\xout default
\uuline default
\uwave default
\noun default
\color inherit

\begin_inset Formula $X_{f}$
\end_inset

 are vectors of observable household and farm characteristics for male and female headed households,
 and 
\begin_inset Formula $\widehat{𝛽}_{m}$
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Formula $\hat{𝛽}_{f}$
\end_inset

 represent the associated vectors of coefficients for male and female headed households,
 respectively.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
By substituting expressions 5 and 6 into the definition of D,
 the overall gender gap can be expressed as a function of disparities in observable characteristics as well as differences in the returns to those characteristics:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
D=(\bar{X}_{m}-\bar{X}_{f})\beta^{*}+\left[\bar{X}_{m}(\hat{\beta}_{m}-\hat{\beta}^{*})+\bar{X}_{f}(\hat{\beta}^{*}-\hat{\beta}_{f})\right]\label{eq:one-1-1-3}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The first term,
 
\begin_inset Formula $(\bar{X}_{m}-\bar{X}_{f})\beta^{*}$
\end_inset

is the explained component,
 or endowment effect.
 It captures the part of the gender gap attributable to differences in observable characteristics.
 The second term,
 
\begin_inset Formula $\left[\bar{X}_{m}(\hat{\beta}_{m}-\hat{\beta}^{*})+\bar{X}_{f}(\hat{\beta}^{*}-\hat{\beta}_{f})\right]$
\end_inset

represents the structural or coefficient component and it captures the part of gap associated with differences in returns and coefficient structures between male and female headed households.
 Not only it captures potential structural constraints but also the influence of unobserved heterogeneity,
 measurement error,
 and omitted variables,
 such as land quality or agro-ecological conditions.
 Therefore,
 the structural component should be interpreted with caution as reflecting differential returns rather than direct evidence of discrimination (Fortin et al.,
 2011).
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
previously said
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Equation 7 represent a classic OB twofold decomposition,
 while the threefold OB decomposition can be obtained by further separating the coefficient component into male and female sub-components.
 The male and female coefficient components measure how the coefficient structures differ/deviate from a pooled benchmark 
\begin_inset Formula $\beta^{*}$
\end_inset

.
 To construct the benchmark as a counterfactual non-discriminatory structure 
\begin_inset Formula $\beta^{*}$
\end_inset

,
 we use the coefficients from a pooled regression estimated on the combined sample of male- and female-headed households (Jann,
 2008).
 This approach,
 commonly adopted in the agricultural gender gap literature,
 avoids privileging either group’s returns structure as the benchmark and instead relies on the average returns observed in the overall production environment,
 under the assumption that male and female farmers operate within a similar agricultural system and production function.
 As a robustness check decompositions with male structure and female structure as benchmark are reported in the Appendix.
 
\begin_inset Note Comment
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Evaluate the idea of weightening the two groups based on the observations so it is not unbalanced and to do a twofold oaxaca blinder cause the division female structural disadvantage and male structural advantage really depends from the benchmark considered.
 (the sample is 78% male and 22%female)
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Expanding the decomposition across covariates k= 0,...,
 K,
 including the intercept,
 the total gap can be written as the contributions of each observable characteristics.
 The result is a detailed decomposition written as:
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
D=\sum_{k=0}^{K}(\bar{X}_{m,k}-\bar{X}_{f,k})\beta_{k}^{*}+\sum_{k=0}^{K}\bar{X}_{m,k}(\beta_{m,k}-\beta_{k}^{*})+\sum_{k=0}^{K}\bar{X}_{f,k}(\beta_{k}^{*}-\beta_{f,k})\label{eq:one-1-1-3-1}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\lang american
where each covariate 𝑘 contributes separately to the endowment effect and to the two structural components.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Detailed decomposition components should not be interpreted as causal effects of individual covariates.
 Rather,
 they show how differences in observable characteristics and differences in estimated coefficient structures contribute mechanically to the overall gap.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To account for unobserved spatial heterogeneity,
 the main decomposition includes catchment-area fixed effects.
 This is implemented by applying a within transformation to the outcome and covariates before estimating the decomposition.
 For each variable Z,
 the transformed variable is defined as:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
\tilde{Z_{hc}}​=Z_{hc}​-\bar{Z}_{c}+\bar{Z}\label{eq:one-1-1-3-1-1}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
where 
\begin_inset Formula $\tilde{Z_{hc}}$
\end_inset

is the value of the variable Z for household h in catchment area c,
 
\begin_inset Formula $\bar{Z}_{c}$
\end_inset

is the catchment-area mean,
 and 
\begin_inset Formula $\bar{Z}$
\end_inset

is the overall sample mean.
 The fixed effect remove average differences across catchment areas.
 The decomposition is then applied to the transformed variables.
 This specification compares male and female headed households within similar local production environments and helps accounting for unobserved catchment-level characteristics such as market access,
 agro-ecological conditions,
 or other area-specific factors.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Standard errors are estimated using bootstrap replications clustered at the catchment-area level.
 All outcomes are expressed in inverse hyperbolic sine (IHS) units,
 which allows coefficients to be interpreted in a manner comparable to logarithmic transformations,
 particularly for larger values of the outcome.
 The results are presented in Table 5 and 6 and discussed in Section 6.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Empirical Issues 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Oaxaca Blinder decomposition relies on a set of identifying assumptions (Fortin et al.,
 2011).
 The aggregate decomposition is valid under the assumption of overlapping support,
 which requires sufficient similarity in the distribution of observable characteristics across male and female headed households.
 This condition was carefully assessed by inspecting the distribution of key covariates across male and female headed households.
 The Kernel density plots (reported in the Appendix) indicate substantial overlap in the main covariates.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The detailed decomposition additionally depends on the assumptions of additive linearity (Fortin et al.,
 2011).
 Additive linearity assumes that the outcome can be expressed as a linear combination of observed covariates.
 In our setting,
 the specification tests do not indicate major functional form problems,
 indicating that a linear model provide a reasonable description of the outcomes.
 Functional-form concerns might be relevant for maize income because of the large mass at zero and its strongly right-skewed distribution.
 RESET tests and alternative income specifications are therefore used as diagnostic checks and included in the Appendix.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The credibility of the decomposition also relies on the plausibility of the ignorability and zero conditional mean assumptions.
 Ignorability requires that,
 conditional on the observed covariates,
 the gender of the household head is not correlated with unobserved factors affecting productivity and income.
 The zero conditional mean assumption requires that the error term is not systematically correlated with the included covariates.
 While these assumption cannot be tested directly (Fortin et al.,
 2011),
 the specification incorporates a rich set of household and plot-level characteristics widely used in the literature (Kinkingninhoun-Mêdagbé et al.,
 2010;
 Peterman et al.
 2010;
 Palacios-López & López,
 2015;
 Wayagi et al.,
 2025) thereby reducing the scope for omitted variable bias.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Although panel-data extensions of the Oaxaca–Blinder decomposition have been used in other settings (Slavchevska,
 2015;
 Ali et al.,
 2016),
 the main decomposition in this study is implemented on the baseline cross-section because the baseline survey contains the richest and most consistently measured set of household,
 plot,
 input,
 and market-access covariates.
 Midline and endline observations are used in pooled OLS specifications to assess the persistence of gender gaps over time,
 but they are not used for the main Oaxaca decomposition because several key endowment variables are not consistently re-measured across rounds.
 Carrying baseline covariates forward is acceptable in pooled OLS as a way to control for relatively stable household characteristics,
 but it is less appropriate in an Oaxaca decomposition because these covariates directly determine the endowment component.
 A pooled Oaxaca would risk attributing later-round gender gaps to baseline characteristics,
 making the interpretation of the explained and coefficient components less clear.
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
maybe too detailed and not too useful
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As stated previously,
 since decomposition techniques rely on correlations,
 they cannot be understood as estimates of causal parameters (Fortin et al.,
 2011).
 However,
 these methods can record the relative quantitative significance of components in explaining an observed gap,
 indicating priority for additional research and policy actions (Kilic et al.,
 2015).
 Given that the objective of the analysis is descriptive rather than causal,
 the detailed decomposition results are interpreted with caution.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Comment
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
A further empirical issue concerns the distribution of maize income,
 which exhibits a substantial mass at zero because a sizeable share of households report no maize sales during the reference period.
 As a result,
 the income outcome combines market participation (whether any maize is sold) and sales intensity/earnings conditional on participating.
 At baseline,
 48.8 percent of households report zero maize income.
 This share is substantially higher among female-headed households,
 60.5 percent,
 than among male-headed households,
 45.3 percent.
 Therefore,
 the maize income outcome captures both the probability of selling maize and the amount earned conditional on selling.
 Missing information on quantity sold or price among sellers is very limited,
 affecting only seven observations.
 The main concern in the income variable is therefore the large share of zero sales and the strong right-skewness of positive income values.
 Consequently,
 the Oaxaca–Blinder decomposition of maize income should be interpreted as a decomposition of overall maize commercialization income rather than of earnings among sellers only.
 It reflects both differences in market participation and differences in sales intensity conditional on participation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
(((This structure can induce strong non-linearities and misspecification in linear models,
 which is consistent with the RESET test indicating specification problems across alternative income regressions.
 Consequently,
 the Oaxaca–Blinder decomposition of maize income should be interpreted with caution,
 as it captures differences in overall income that reflect both the decision to sell maize and the amount earned from sales,
 rather than a single,
 uniform income-generating process))).
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The econometric findings are complemented by qualitative evidence,
 which helps contextualize gendered differences in agricultural production,
 supporting the interpretation of the decomposition results.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
The causal estimation - Instrumental Variable (IV) Strategy
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This section will be further developed in the final version of the MSc thesis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Qualitative Analytical Approach 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Qualitative data were analyzed using a thematic coding approach aimed at identifying recurring patterns related to gendered constraints in maize production and commercialization.
 Qualitative data were coded using the analysis software package ATLAS.ti,
 which facilitated systematic data organization.
 A deductive coding structure was developed based on the interviews questions and the study’s analytical focus,
 while remaining open to inductive coding during the analysis.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
The final coding structure included themes related to bargaining power,
 decision-making over inputs and income,
 labor allocation,
 market access,
 technology adoption,
 time constraints,
 and gender norms and roles
\end_layout

\end_inset

We allowed the overlapping of the codes to reflect the interconnected nature of the themes and particular attention was paid to patterns of co-occurrence across codes.
 The results are presented in section 5.2 and discussed in section 6.
 Selected excerpts were used to illustrate the main themes and support the interpretation of the quantitative results.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Results 
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:Results"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
OLS Estimates of Gender Differences
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Tables 2,
 3,
 and 4 report OLS regression results on the determinants of maize productivity,
 maize income,
 and adoption of hybrid maize seeds varieties respectively,
 disaggregated by gender of the household head.
 For each outcome,
 Column (1) reports the raw gender gap estimated from a bivariate regression including only an indicator for male-headed households.
 Column (2) presents results from the full baseline specification controlling for household characteristics,
 access to input markets,
 and plot-level production factors.
 Columns (3) and (4) report gender-specific regressions estimated separately for male and female headed households,
 allowing returns to observable characteristics to differ by gender.
 Columns (5)–(7) present analogous pooled OLS regressions estimated on the combined sample of all survey rounds,
 including round fixed effects.
 Productivity and income from maize are expressed in inverse hyperbolic sine (IHS) units.
 We report household-clustered robust standard errors to account for heteroskedasticity and correlation of the error term within households across survey rounds.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Table 2 presents regression results for maize productivity measured as yield per acre on the randomly selected plot.
 Column (1) shows a sizable and statistically significant raw gender gap:
 maize productivity on male-headed plots is approximately 20 percent higher than on female-headed plots.
 Importantly,
 this gap remains statistically significant and of similar magnitude after controlling for a comprehensive set of household- and plot-level characteristics (Column 2),
 indicating that observable endowments explain only a limited share of the productivity differential and pointing instead to differences in returns and unobserved constraints disproportionately affecting female farmers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Several plot-level inputs are positively associated with maize productivity.
 Fertilizer use,
 particularly Urea,
 DAP/NPK application,
 and the use of organic manure,
 chemical inputs and quality seeds on the randomly selected plot are strongly correlated with higher yields,
 although the gender-differentiated regression reveal some heterogeneity in returns to these inputs.
 Education of the household head is positively associated with maize productivity among female-headed households,
 while the corresponding effect is small and statistically insignificant among male-headed households,
 suggesting that education may play a more important role in increasing productivity among female farmers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
When pooling observations across survey rounds,
 the estimated gender coefficient remains positive and statistically significant,
 confirming that the productivity gap between male and female headed households persists over time,
 even after accounting for round-fixed effects.
 In particular,
 household size and the age of the household head become consistently and negatively associated with maize productivity,
 when considering the larger sample.
 The use of quality seeds and fertilizer inputs,
 including both DAP/NPK and urea,
 remains strongly and positively associated with productivity.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Table 3 reports analogous results for maize income derived from the randomly selected plot.
 The raw income gap in Column (1) is large and statistically significant,
 with male-headed households earning substantially higher maize income than female-headed households.
 Once controls are introduced (Column 2),
 the estimated gender gap declines but remains economically large and statistically significant,
 indicating that differences in plot size,
 input use,
 and household characteristics explain only part of the observed income disparity.
 Plot size,
 measured in logarithmic terms,
 emerges as a key determinant of maize income.
 Input use plays an important role in shaping income outcomes.
 The use of quality seeds,
 fertilizers,
 and chemical inputs is positively associated with maize income.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
However,
 gender-specific regressions reveal heterogeneity in returns across different inputs.
 While urea application is significantly associated with higher maize income among female-headed households,
 chemical inputs are significant only among male-headed households,
 suggesting that returns to specific inputs differ by gender rather than being uniformly higher for one group.
 As we have noticed with productivity,
 education of the household is positively associated with maize income among female-headed households,
 but not among male-headed households,
 indicating higher returns to human capital for female farmers.
 Household characteristics also matter.
 The household size and the age of the household head are negatively associated with income.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The results from the pooled income specification indicate that the gender gap in maize income persists over time,
 with the estimated gender coefficient remaining positive and statistically significant.
 Plot size remains positively and statistically significant in the pooled specification,
 confirming that scale effects continue to play an important role in explaining differences in maize income across households over time.
 
\begin_inset Note Comment
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
The pooled estimates reveal that time-varying production decisions play a more prominent role:
 the use of quality seeds,
 fertilizers and chemical inputs remains positively associated with maize income,
 with some coefficients increasing in magnitude relative to the baseline specification.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 In both specifications,
 as expected,
 higher maize productivity is associated with higher income from maize,
 confirming the central role of agricultural performance in determining income.
 However,
 substantial gender disparities persist even after conditioning on productivity.
 This suggests that income gender disparities may be influenced by other factors beyond production.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Table 4 summarizes the factors influencing the adoption of improved maize seed varieties.
 In the raw specification (Column 1),
 male-headed households had a considerably higher likelihood of adoption.
 However,
 the effect disappears when household and plot-level characteristics are controlled for,
 suggesting that the gender differences in adoption are largely explained by unequal access to resources and inputs.
 These results are consistent with previous studies showing that once differences in access to inputs such as land,
 education and inputs are accounted for,
 gender itself does not significantly affect adoption of improved seeds (Doss,
 2001;
 Horrell & Krishnan,
 2007).
 The use of agricultural inputs,
 particularly DAP/NPK fertilizer,
 Urea,
 and chemicals,
 is positively and significantly associated with adoption both at baseline and in the pooled models,
 indicating that hybrid seeds are adopted as part of a broader input use.
 Education also increases the probability of adoption,
 with a stronger effect among female-headed households
\begin_inset Note Comment
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
,
 confirming the findings of Anang (2020)
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
 There is also a significant association between membership in a farmer group or cooperative and adoption both for female and male headed households.
 Being part of a farmer organization increases the probability of using hybrid seeds,
 likely reflecting improved access to information,
 markets that reduce uncertainty surrounding new technologies.
 As stated in section 4,
 as a robustness check,
 we estimate logit models for hybrid seed adoption.
 The results,
 reported in the Appendix,
 are consistent with the linear probability model.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Although comparing raw and controlled specifications shows the extent to which observable factors contribute to the gender gap,
 this empirical technique does not identify the underlying mechanisms that drive differences between male and female headed households.
 The heterogeneous returns observed across the regressions motivate an explicit decomposition of productivity and income gaps,
 which we undertake in the following section using the Oaxaca–Blinder framework.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
placement H
alignment left
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
OLS estimates of the determinants of maize productivity by gender
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
small
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{r|cccc|ccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1}{c}{} & 
\backslash
multicolumn{4}{c}{
\backslash
textit{Baseline}} & 
\backslash
multicolumn{3}{c}{
\backslash
textit{Pooled}} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& Raw gap & All & Male & Female & All & Male & Female 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
textbf{
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[1]}} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[2]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[2]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[4]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[4]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[5]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[5]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[6]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[6]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[6]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[7]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[7]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[7]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[8]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[8]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[8]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[9]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[9]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[9]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[10]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[10]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[10]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[11]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[11]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[11]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[12]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[12]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[12]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[13]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[13]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[13]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[14]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[14]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[14]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[15]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[15]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[15]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[16]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[16]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[16]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[17]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[17]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[17]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[18]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[18]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[18]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[19]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[19]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[19]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[20]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[20]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[20]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[21]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[21]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[21]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[22]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[22]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[22]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[23]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[23]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[23]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[24]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[24]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[24]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[25]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[25]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[25]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[26]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[26]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[26]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[27]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[27]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[27]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[28]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[28]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[28]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[29]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[29]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[29]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[30]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[30]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[30]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
textbf{Number of observations}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{N_prod_raw_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_prod_full_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_prod_male_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_prod_female_fmt} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{N_prod_pool_total_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_prod_pool_male_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_prod_pool_female_fmt} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note:
 Column (1) reports estimates from a regression including only an indicator for male-headed households.
 Column (2) reports estimates for the baseline sample,
 adding household- and plot-level controls;
 standard errors,
 clustered at the household level,
 are reported below in parentheses.
 Columns (3) and (4) report estimates for the baseline sample separately for male- and female-headed households.
 Columns (5)-(7) report analogous estimates using the pooled sample across all survey rounds and include round fixed effects.
 Maize productivity is transformed using the IHS.
 ***,
 **,
 and * denote significance at the 1
\backslash
%,
 5
\backslash
%,
 and 10
\backslash
% levels.
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
placement H
alignment left
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
OLS estimates of the determinants of maize income by gender
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
small
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{r|cccc|ccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1}{c}{} & 
\backslash
multicolumn{4}{c}{
\backslash
textit{Baseline}} & 
\backslash
multicolumn{3}{c}{
\backslash
textit{Pooled}} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& Raw gap & All & Male & Female & All & Male & Female 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
textbf{
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[1]}} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[2]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[2]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[4]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[4]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[5]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[5]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[6]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[6]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[6]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[7]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[7]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[7]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[8]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[8]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[8]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[9]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[9]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[9]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[10]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[10]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[10]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[11]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[11]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[11]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[12]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[12]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[12]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[13]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[13]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[13]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[14]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[14]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[14]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[15]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[15]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[15]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[16]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[16]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[16]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[17]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[17]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[17]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[18]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[18]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[18]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[19]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[19]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[19]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[20]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[20]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[20]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[21]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[21]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[21]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[22]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[22]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[22]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[23]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[23]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[23]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[24]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[24]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[24]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[25]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[25]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[25]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[26]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[26]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[26]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[27]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[27]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[27]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[28]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[28]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[28]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[29]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[29]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[29]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[30]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[30]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[30]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[31]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[31]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[31]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[31]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[31]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[31]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[31]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[31]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[32]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[32]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[32]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[32]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[32]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[32]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[32]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[32]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of observations &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{N_inc_raw_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_inc_full_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_inc_male_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_inc_female_fmt} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{N_inc_pool_total_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_inc_pool_male_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_inc_pool_female_fmt} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note:
 Column (1) reports estimates from a regression including only an indicator for male-headed households.
 Column (2) reports estimates for the baseline sample,
 adding household- and plot-level controls;
 standard errors,
 clustered at the household level,
 are reported below in parentheses.
 Columns (3) and (4) report estimates for the baseline sample separately for male- and female-headed households.
 Columns (5)-(7) report analogous estimates using the pooled sample across all survey rounds and include round fixed effects.
 Maize income is transformed using the IHS.
 ***,
 **,
 and * denote significance at the 1
\backslash
%,
 5
\backslash
%,
 and 10
\backslash
% levels.
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
placement H
alignment left
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
OLS estimates of the determinants of hybrid maize seed adoption by gender
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
small
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{r|cccc|ccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{1}{c}{} & 
\backslash
multicolumn{4}{c}{
\backslash
textit{Baseline}} & 
\backslash
multicolumn{3}{c}{
\backslash
textit{Pooled}} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& Raw gap & All & Male & Female & All & Male & Female 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
textbf{
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[1]}} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[2]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[2]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[4]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[4]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[5]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[5]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[6]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[6]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[6]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[7]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[7]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[7]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[8]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[8]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[8]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[9]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[9]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[9]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[10]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[10]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[10]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[11]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[11]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[11]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[12]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[12]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[12]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[13]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[13]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[13]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[14]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[14]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[14]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[15]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[15]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[15]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[16]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[16]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[16]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[17]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[17]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[17]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[18]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[18]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[18]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[19]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[19]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[19]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[20]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[20]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[20]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[21]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[21]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[21]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[22]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[22]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[22]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[23]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[23]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[23]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[24]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[24]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[24]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[25]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[25]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[25]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[26]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[26]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[26]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[27]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[27]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[27]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[28]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[28]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[28]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of observations &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{N_hybrid_raw_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_hybrid_full_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_hybrid_male_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_hybrid_female_fmt} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{N_hybrid_pool_total_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_hybrid_pool_male_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_hybrid_pool_female_fmt} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note:
 Column (1) reports estimates from a regression including only an indicator for male-headed households.
 Column (2) reports estimates for the baseline sample,
 adding household- and plot-level controls;
 standard errors,
 clustered at the household level,
 are reported below in parentheses.
 Columns (3) and (4) report estimates for the baseline sample separately for male- and female-headed households.
 Columns (5)-(7) report analogous estimates using the pooled sample across all survey rounds and include round fixed effects.
 ***,
 **,
 and * denote significance at the 1
\backslash
%,
 5
\backslash
%,
 and 10
\backslash
% levels.
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
original tables:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Float table
placement H
alignment left
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
Ordinary least squares regression model results on the determinants of maize productivity(IHS) by gender
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
setlength{
\backslash
tabcolsep}{2pt}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
renewcommand{
\backslash
arraystretch}{1.15}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{p{6.3cm}|c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}}c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}}c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}} c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}} |  c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}}c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}}c}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
textbf{Variables} & 
\backslash
textbf{Raw gap} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Total}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Baseline}} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Male}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Baseline}} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Female}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Baseline}} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Total}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Pooled}} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Male}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Pooled}} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Female}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Pooled}} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[2]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[2]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[4]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[4]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[5]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[5]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[6]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[6]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[6]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[7]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[7]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[7]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[8]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[8]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[8]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[9]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[9]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[9]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[10]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[10]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[10]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[11]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[11]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[11]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[12]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[12]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[12]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[13]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[13]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[13]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[14]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[14]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[14]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[15]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[15]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[15]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[16]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[16]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[16]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[17]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[17]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[17]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[18]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[18]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[18]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[19]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[19]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[19]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[20]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[20]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[20]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[21]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[21]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[21]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[22]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[22]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[22]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[23]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[23]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[23]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[24]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[24]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[24]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[25]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[25]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[25]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[26]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[26]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[26]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[27]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[27]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[27]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[28]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[28]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[28]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[29]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[29]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[29]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Label[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Raw[30]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Full[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Male[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Female[30]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Total[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Male[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_prod$Pooled_Female[30]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
textbf{Number of Observations}  &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{N_prod_raw_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_prod_full_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_prod_male_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_prod_female_fmt} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{N_prod_pool_total_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_prod_pool_male_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_prod_pool_female_fmt} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{minipage}{0.95
\backslash
linewidth}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
textit{Note}:
 Household-clustered standard errors in parentheses.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

*** p<0.01,
 ** p<0.05,
 * p<0.10.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{minipage}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Float table
placement H
alignment left
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
Ordinary least squares regression model results on the determinants of maize income (IHS) by gender
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
setlength{
\backslash
tabcolsep}{2pt}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
renewcommand{
\backslash
arraystretch}{1.15}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{p{6.3cm}|c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}}c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}}c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}}c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}}| c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}}c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}}c}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
textbf{Variables} & 
\backslash
textbf{Raw gap} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Total}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Baseline}} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Male}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Baseline}} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Female}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Baseline}} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Total}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Pooled}} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Male}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Pooled}} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Female}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Pooled}} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[2]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[2]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[4]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[4]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[5]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[5]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[6]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[6]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[6]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[7]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[7]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[7]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[8]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[8]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[8]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[9]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[9]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[9]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[10]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[10]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[10]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[11]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[11]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[11]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[12]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[12]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[12]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[13]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[13]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[13]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[14]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[14]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[14]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[15]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[15]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[15]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[16]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[16]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[16]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[17]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[17]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[17]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[18]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[18]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[18]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[19]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[19]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[19]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[20]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[20]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[20]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[21]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[21]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[21]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[22]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[22]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[22]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[23]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[23]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[23]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[24]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[24]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[24]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[25]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[25]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[25]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[26]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[26]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[26]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[27]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[27]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[27]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[28]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[28]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[28]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[29]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[29]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[29]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[29]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[30]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[30]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[30]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[30]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[31]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[31]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[31]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[31]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[31]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[31]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[31]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[31]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Label[32]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Raw[32]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Full[32]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Male[32]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Female[32]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Total[32]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Male[32]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_inc$Pooled_Female[32]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of Observations &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{N_inc_raw_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_inc_full_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_inc_male_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_inc_female_fmt} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{N_inc_pool_total_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_inc_pool_male_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_inc_pool_female_fmt} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{minipage}{0.95
\backslash
linewidth}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
textit{Note}:
 Household-clustered standard errors in parentheses.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

*** p<0.01,
 ** p<0.05,
 * p<0.10.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{minipage}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Float table
placement H
alignment left
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
Ordinary least squares regression model results on the determinants of adoption of hybrid maize seeds varieties by gender
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
setlength{
\backslash
tabcolsep}{2pt}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
renewcommand{
\backslash
arraystretch}{1.15}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{p{6.3cm}|c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}}c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}}c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}}c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}}| c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}}c@{
\backslash
hspace{4pt}}c}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
textbf{Variables} & 
\backslash
textbf{Raw gap} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Total}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Baseline}} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Male}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Baseline}} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Female}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Baseline}} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Total}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Pooled}} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Male}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Pooled}} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
shortstack{
\backslash
textbf{Female}
\backslash

\backslash

\backslash
textbf{Pooled}} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[1]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[2]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[2]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[2]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[3]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[4]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[4]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[4]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[5]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[5]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[5]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[6]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[6]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[6]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[6]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[7]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[7]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[7]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[7]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[8]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[8]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[8]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[8]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[9]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[9]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[9]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[9]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[10]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[10]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[10]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[11]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[11]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[11]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[12]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[12]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[12]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[13]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[13]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[13]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[14]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[14]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[14]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[15]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[15]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[15]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[16]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[16]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[16]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[16]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[17]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[17]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[17]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[17]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[18]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[18]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[18]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[18]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[19]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[19]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[19]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[19]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[20]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[20]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[20]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[20]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[21]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[21]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[21]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[21]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[22]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[22]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[22]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[22]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[23]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[23]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[23]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[23]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[24]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[24]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[24]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[24]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[25]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[25]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[25]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[25]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[26]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[26]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[26]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[26]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[27]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[27]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[27]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[27]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Label[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Raw[28]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Full[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Male[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Female[28]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Total[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Male[28]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_hybrid$Pooled_Female[28]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of Observations &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{N_hybrid_raw_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_hybrid_full_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_hybrid_male_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_hybrid_female_fmt} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{N_hybrid_pool_total_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_hybrid_pool_male_fmt} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{N_hybrid_pool_female_fmt} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{minipage}{0.95
\backslash
linewidth}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
textit{Note}:
 Household-clustered standard errors in parentheses.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

*** p<0.01,
 ** p<0.05,
 * p<0.10.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{minipage}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Decomposition of Gender Gaps - Oaxaca-Blinder results
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
5.2.1 Aggregate Decomposition Results
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
placement H
alignment left
wide false
sideways false
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
Twofold aggregate decomposition in maize productivity and income with fixed effects
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
small
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{lrrrr}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $N$ & Total & Endowment Effect & Structural Effect 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&& gap & effect & effect 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_twofold_agg$Outcome[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_twofold_agg$N[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_twofold_agg$Total_gap[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_twofold_agg$Explained[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_twofold_agg$Coefficients[1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Share of total gap (
\backslash
%) &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{} & {} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_twofold_agg$Coefficient[2]}
\backslash
% &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_twofold_agg$Coefficient[2]}
\backslash
% 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_twofold_agg$Outcome[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_twofold_agg$N[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_twofold_agg$Total_gap[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_twofold_agg$Explained[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_twofold_agg$Coefficients[3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Share of total gap (
\backslash
%) &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{} & {} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_twofold_agg$Endowment[4]}
\backslash
% &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_twofold_agg$Endowment[4]}
\backslash
% 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note:
 Shares are expressed in 
\backslash
%.
 Standard errors are bootstrapped at the catchment-area level.
 ***,
 **,
 and * denote significance at the 1
\backslash
%,
 5
\backslash
%,
 and 10
\backslash
% levels.
 The decomposition is estimated after applying catchment-area fixed effects.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
placement H
alignment left
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
Threefold aggregate decomposition in maize productivity and income with fixed effects
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
small
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{lrrccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& $N$ & Total & Endowment & Male & Female 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&& gap & effect & coefficients & coefficients 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$Outcome[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$N[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$Total_gap[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$Endowment[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$Male_coefficients[1]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$Female_coefficients[1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Share of total gap (
\backslash
%) &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{} & {} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$Endowment[2]}
\backslash
% &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$Male_coefficients[2]}
\backslash
% &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$Female_coefficients[2]}
\backslash
% 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$Outcome[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$N[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$Total_gap[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$Endowment[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$Male_coefficients[3]} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$Female_coefficients[3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Share of total gap (
\backslash
%) &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

{} & {} &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$Endowment[4]}
\backslash
% &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$Male_coefficients[4]}
\backslash
% &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_fe_threefold_agg$Female_coefficients[4]}
\backslash
% 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note:
 Shares are expressed in 
\backslash
%.
 Standard errors are bootstrapped at the catchment-area level.
 ***,
 **,
 and * denote significance at the 1
\backslash
%,
 5
\backslash
%,
 and 10
\backslash
% levels.
 The decomposition is estimated after applying catchment-area fixed effects.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Tables X and Y report the twofold and threefold Oaxaca–Blinder decompositions of the gender gaps in maize productivity and maize income.
 Both outcomes are expressed in inverse hyperbolic sine units and the estimated gaps can be interpreted approximately as percentage differences.
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Since the gender gap is defined as the mean outcome of male-headed households minus that of female-headed households,
 positive values indicate higher average outcomes among male-headed households.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The fixed-effects adjusted decomposition indicates a maize productivity gap of 0.197 IHS units,
 suggesting that on average female-headed households have about 20% lower maize productivity compared to male-headed households.
 This result is consistent with De la O Campos et al.
 (2016),
 who report a difference in mean log productivity between plots managed by male and female headed households of 0.177,
 corresponding to a gap of approximately 19.4%.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The twofold decomposition shows that 0.051 IHS units,
 corresponding to 26.2 % of the productivity gap,
 are explained by observable differences in endowments.
 The remaining 0.145 IHS units,
 or 73.8 % of the gap is attributed to differences in returns to these characteristics,
 suggesting that gender disparities in maize productivity could be driven primarily by structural factors,
 differential returns to inputs,
 and gender-specific constraints (or with residual unobserved factors) rather than by unequal access to resources alone.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The threefold decomposition further separates the coefficient component into male and female coefficient components.
 For productivity,
 the endowment component is 0.051,
 the male coefficient component is 0.032,
 and the female coefficient component is 0.114.
 Both coefficient components contribute positively to the productivity gap,
 with the female coefficient component accounting for the larger share of the coefficient effect.
 This indicates that the productivity gap is not only associated with differences in observed characteristics,
 but also with the way these characteristics translate into productivity for female-headed households relative to the pooled benchmark.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As highlighted in the literature,
 aggregate decomposition results vary across crops and contexts,
 and the relative contribution of endowment and structural effects depends on how gender is conceptualized,
 whether in terms of household heads,
 plot holders,
 or farm managers (De la O Campos et al.,
 2016).
 Moreover,
 the allocation of the coefficient component into male and female coefficient components is sensitive to the choice of benchmark.
 For this reason,
 these components are interpreted descriptively as deviations from the pooled coefficient structure rather than as direct measures of male advantage or female disadvantage.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The gender gap in maize income is substantially larger than the productivity gap.
 The estimated income gap of 0.975 corresponds to nearly 97% lower maize income among female-headed households relative to male-headed households.
 A sizable share of this gap (approximately 43%) is explained by differences in observable characteristics.
 Nevertheless,
 about 57% of the income gap is associated with differences in the coefficient structure.
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
pointing to possible gender-based inequalities in market access and the ability to translate production into monetary returns
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
 Compared with productivity,
 observable endowments explain a larger share of the income gap,
 suggesting that differences in plot area,
 input use,
 and other household and farm characteristics play an important role in shaping income disparities.
 Nevertheless,
 more than half of the income gap remains associated with coefficient differences.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The threefold income decomposition shows that the endowment component is 0.319,
 the male coefficient component is 0.093,
 and the female coefficient component is 0.331.
 As in the productivity decomposition,
 the female coefficient component represents the largest part of the coefficient effect.
 This pattern suggests that income disparities may be related not only to differences in productive resources,
 but also to gendered differences in the ability to convert those resources into monetary returns.
 However,
 due to the zero because maize income contains many zero observations,
 the income decomposition should be interpreted as reflecting both market participation and conditional earnings,
 rather than a single income generating process.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The detailed decomposition provides additional insight into which specific covariates contribute the most to the explained and unexplained components of the gap.
 The detailed decomposition results are reported in the Appendix.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Comment
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
In the literature,
 despite focusing on male and female plot owners,
 Dandonougbo et al.
 (2023) find that 58.5% of the average farm income gap in Togo is accounted for by structural advantages enjoyed by male farmers.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Comment
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
The detailed decomposition provides additional insight into which specific covariates contribute the most to the explained and unexplained components of the gap.
 For maize productivity,
 the differences in education are among the most relevant contributor to the explained component.
 While primary education contributes positively to the explained component of the productivity gap,
 the differential returns appear to play a more substantial role,
 indicating unequal productivity returns from similar schooling levels.
 In the case of urea application,
 the negative structural contribution suggests that differences in returns to fertilizer do not amplify the productivity gap and may instead partially attenuate it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
For maize income,
 the detailed results indicate that land size (log area) is a major contributor to the explained component,
 confirming that scale remains an important determinant of income disparities.
 In contrast,
 household size contributes negatively to the endowment component,
 indicating that differences in household composition partially offset the overall income gap.
 However,
 much of the income gap is driven by differences in returns across groups.
 Age,
 in particular,
 contributes substantially to this structural component,
 indicating that comparable age levels translate into different income outcomes for male and female headed households.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
These detailed results should be interpreted as descriptive accounting exercises.
 Given the maintained assumptions of additive linearity,
 overlapping support,
 and ignorability,
 the contribution of individual covariates reflects their role within the specified linear model and reference structure,
 rather than isolated structural parameters.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
5.2.1 Detailed Decomposition Results
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The detailed decompositions provide additional insight into which covariates contribute most to the explained and coefficient components of the gap.
 These detailed contributions are not causal effects of individual covariates;
 rather,
 they show how differences in observable characteristics and differences in estimated coefficient structures contribute mechanically to the overall gap.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For maize productivity,
 table x shows that 
\series bold
education
\series default
 contributes positively and significantly to the endowment component,
 indicating that differences in education levels widen the productivity gap.
 However,
 the coefficient component for education is negative,
 suggesting that differences in the education-productivity relationship reduce rather than widen the gap.
 Urea application shows a similar pattern:
 its endowment contribution is close to zero,
 while its coefficient component is negative and statistically significant.
 This suggests that differences in the coefficient structure associated with urea application reduce rather than amplify productivity disparities.
 Overall,
 through the detailed decomposition the productivity gap appears to reflect a combination of small endowment differences and differences in coefficient structures.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
placement class
alignment document
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
Detailed twofold decomposition of maize productivity
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{lcc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Variable & Endowment & Structural 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{latex_rows_twofold_prod}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note:
 The table reports the detailed twofold Oaxaca--Blinder decomposition for maize productivity with catchment-area fixed effects.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Float table
placement class
alignment document
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
Detailed threefold decomposition of maize productivity
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{lccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Variable & Endowment & Male & Female 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& effect & Structural & Structural 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{latex_rows_threefold_prod}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note:
 The table reports the detailed threefold Oaxaca--Blinder decomposition for maize productivity with catchment-area fixed effects.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For maize income,
 the detailed decomposition shows a clearer role for observable endowments.
 Plot area is the largest positive contributor to the explained component,
 indicating that differences in cultivated area account for an important part of the income gap.
 Education plays a dual role in the income decomposition.
 On the one hand,
 the positive endowment component indicates that differences in educational attainment contribute to widening the income gap.
 On the other hand,
 the coefficient components associated with education are negative and statistically significant,
 suggesting that differences in the estimated returns to education reduce the gap.
 This pattern is consistent with the gender-specific OLS results,
 where education appears more strongly associated with maize income among female-headed households.
 In substantive terms,
 education may help female-headed households overcome some constraints in production and commercialization,
 although this interpretation remains descriptive rather than causal.
 The household size has a negative and statistically significant endowment contribution,
 indicating that differences in household size reduce rather than widen the income gap.
 By contrast,
 the coefficient component for the age of the household head is large,
 positive,
 and statistically significant,
 suggesting that differences in the age-income relationship contribute to widening the gap.
 Hybrid seed use does not emerge as a large or statistically significant contributor in the detailed decomposition,
 either for productivity or income.
 Instead,
 the broader quality seed variable appears more relevant for income,
 where it contributes positively to the explained component.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Overall,
 the decomposition results indicate that gender gaps in maize productivity and income are only partly explained by observable differences in household and farm characteristics.
 Income disparities are more strongly linked to observable endowment differences,
 especially plot area and quality seed use,
 while productivity disparities appear less driven by any single observable input.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
placement class
alignment document
wide false
sideways true
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
Detailed twofold decomposition of maize income
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{lcc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Variable & Endowment & Structural 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{latex_rows_twofold_inc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note:
 The table reports the detailed twofold Oaxaca--Blinder decomposition for maize income with catchment-area fixed effects.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
placement class
alignment document
wide false
sideways true
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
Detailed threefold decomposition of maize income
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{lccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Variable & Endowment & Male & Female 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& effect & Structural Advantage & Structural Disadvantage 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{latex_rows_threefold_inc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note:
 The table reports the detailed threefold Oaxaca--Blinder decomposition for maize income with catchment-area fixed effects.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The twofold detailed decomposition will be put in the appendix.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Impact of Adoption of improved maize seeds varieties:
 IV Results
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Qualitative Evidence 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Comment
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Interviews opened with participants’ own definitions of a female-headed household (...).
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The qualitative results are organized around four analytical areas which correspond to the main mechanisms shaping the gender gap in agriculture that emerged during the discussion:
 social norms and labor division;
 decision making processes;
 technology adoption and community perception;
 market dynamics.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Social norms and labor division
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Across all focus groups,
 gender norms emerged as a key determinant of labour allocation and time use among maize farmers.
 Both female and male participants consistently described a fixed and rigid division of labour,
 with farming roles framed as natural and socially prescribed.
 As one participant stated,
 “the roles of men are men’s and the ones for women are women’s” (KAWETE,
 male FGD).
 Male participants in particular described women as physically weaker and only suitable for lighter agricultural activities,
 such as planting,
 weeding,
 harvesting,
 while agricultural tasks requiring physical strength or technical judgment,
 like slashing and spraying,
 were explicitly associated with men:
 “Women are weak and can only manage weeding while the man can do everything” (BULUMWAKI,
 male FGD),
 and “the ones that require energy like preparations,
 slashing,
 removing the maize wastes (\SpecialChar ldots
) even the ones that need thinking” (WAMULONGO,
 male FGD).
 However,
 some female participants challenged this narrative emphasizing substantial changes over time.
 Particularly in female focus groups,
 women repeatedly stressed that they now take care of a wide range of agricultural activities traditionally associated with men.
 As one participant explained,
 “Nowadays even the women prepare land,
 burn grass and even slash” (MAWERERE,
 female FGD),
 while another added “what a man can do even the woman can do” (MUGGI,
 mixed FGD).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Across focus groups,
 women were widely associated with childcare and domestic responsibilities,
 often working alongside children in the fields.
 As one female participant noted,
 “I and the children are the ones who work most because since we are done with his garden then he has not time at all to step on the joint garden (\SpecialChar ldots
) He returns in the night when you are done working” (BUKAYE,
 female FGD).
 Women’s agricultural labour remains closely tied to care-giving roles,
 even as they increasingly take on tasks previously considered male and rather than replacing existing domestic responsibilities,
 it was added on top of them,
 leading to widespread time poverty and limiting agricultural productivity.
 Women described delayed arrival to maize plots,
 shorter working hours,
 and early departure due to household obligations.
 These qualitative insights suggest that social constraints women's time and labour division contribute to gender gaps in maize productivity and income,
 especially in female-headed households,
 where husbands are generally absent less involved in daily farming and household activities.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Despite this heavy workload,
 women repeatedly portrayed these tasks as unavoidable,
 framing them as natural and inherent to being a woman.
 As one participant explained,
 “God prepared us as women that you cannot leave home without sweeping the house,
 have not cleaned the compound and the kitchen” (BUDHUBYE,
 female FGD).
 Similarly,
 women across different focus groups emphasized the inevitability of these roles:
 “I see they do affect me but still I have no choice” (MUGGI,
 mixed FGD),
 and “those roles are naturally mine and I have to do them whether I want to or do not want to” (MUGGI,
 mixed FGD).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
While some men,
 particularly in mixed focus groups,
 acknowledged domestic work as labour,
 others framed household and childcare responsibilities as a way for women to avoid agricultural work.
 Male focus groups highlighted their own productivity in the fields while portraying women’s care activities as avoidable disruptions:
 “they want us to have equal share of things but they are lazy (\SpecialChar ldots
) and tend to cheat us in that way,
 you may be digging the fourth or fifth row and yet she will do only three rows and say she is heading back home,
 I am going to prepare home” (ITANDA,
 mixed FGD).
 These perceptions were directly linked to agricultural outcomes,
 with participants concluding that “This leads to poor farm management and low yields” (ITANDA,
 mixed FGD).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Consistent with this framing,
 male participants often interpreted women’s childcare responsibilities,
 such as breastfeeding,
 not as binding constraints but as excuses for rest or reduced effort.
 As one man put it,
 “When she holds the baby she will be using it as an excuse to sit (\SpecialChar ldots
) It helps her to just sit there and rest” (WAMULONGO,
 male FGD).
 In more than one female-only interview,
 we observed that women’s time constraints extend beyond agricultural and domestic labour to include expectations of sexual availability,
 revealing how gender norms structure both productive work and bodily autonomy:
 “By the time you leave the garden then you cook and then bath the children and then you find that you leave the garden when you are tired and eat supper while tired and then go to bed when you are tired and then the man will start saying that I want to have sex.” (BUKAYE,
 female FGD).
 When taken together,
 these dynamics point to unobserved constraints on women's time allocation that shape their productive capacity,
 helping in understanding underlying mechanism explaining gender gaps in maize productivity and income that standard quantitative measures do not capture.
 The qualitative evidence on women’s time constraints and care responsibilities helps contextualize the differential returns component identified for female-headed households in the decomposition,
 as similar input levels may translate into lower effective supervision and productivity outcomes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Decision making processes
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The discussions with the smallholder farmers also suggest that gendered norms are also likely to assign rights over inputs and output independently of effort,
 contributing to an unbalanced decision making process.
 Across focus groups,
 decision-making over agricultural inputs and income from maize varied across plot types,
 between women-managed plots,
 jointly managed plots,
 and male-owned plots,
 reflecting gendered power relations within households.
 In male-owned plots,
 women’s contribution rarely translated into decision-making power and usually the man decides on inputs,
 sometimes after a joint discussion.
 In women-managed plots,
 women were generally described as having more autonomy over input decisions,
 including maize variety and fertilizer use.
 However,
 some male participants suggested that men retain decision-making authority even over women’s plots,
 often referring to the saying “omwami kyakobye” (“what the man says”).
 In jointly managed plots,
 decisions over inputs were more frequently described as either jointly discussed or male-led,
 with men often making the final decision.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Income decisions followed similar patterns.
 Female focus groups stressed that men retain control over harvests despite limited labor contribution.
 In jointly managed plots,
 income from maize sales was often described as discussed within the household,
 yet men frequently had the final say.
 As one participant stated:
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

My husband is the one who decides because there is no way you can decide for him though.
 It is not by law that he decides but it depends on how you relate and the togetherness
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 (BUDHUBYE,
 female FGD).
 Along similar lines,
 some male participants stated that:
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

The household decisions are not made by a woman because it becomes a dead household
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

(village) reflecting strict norms about male authority over income.
 In contrast,
 women more often reported control over income generated from plots they managed independently.
 Women’s control over maize income is sometimes justified through gendered moral narratives that frame women as more responsible household managers than men.
 They usually decide to have their own garden to be sure to have control over it and use the money for the family as decisions related to children’s expenses were consistently framed as women’s responsibility.
 Describing her garden a female participant claimed:
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

with that I have the right to decide on my own and that since I have sold this maize let me give this to a certain child and also buy something for the household and for myself because you know as women we do not behave like the men that when they receive they go and get more wives.
 For us we prepare for the household well-being
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 (BUDHUBYE,
 female FGD).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Technology adoption and community perception
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Participants described the adoption of new technologies,
 such as hybrid seeds or fertilizers,
 as generating both admiration and suspicion in the community.
 While some people are recognized and respected for their productivity outcomes,
 others were viewed as envious and their success was often solely attributed to supernatural means.
 Throughout all focus groups,
 witchcraft was mentioned regularly when discussing individuals who achieved higher yields.
 As one participant explained,
 “we start to say that one is a ‘mukuluzi’—
the one who pulls all other people’s yields to his or her own garden” (BUDHUBYE,
 female FGD),
 while another added that “they say the woman uses witchcraft to collect all the maize from the neighbor’s gardens” (NALWEGOLOILE,
 mixed FGD).
 In particular,
 female headed households were sometimes portrayed as violating accepted gender roles when adopting new technology.
 As participants reported,
 “they say that woman is unmanageable,
 she is a woman who is a man” (BULUMWAKI,
 male FGD),
 and “she is the one wearing the trouser,
 the man is wearing the skirt” (ITANDA,
 mixed FGD).
 In female-only discussions,
 women underlined that economic success may lead to social scrutiny for women,
 as village members often questioned whether a woman who earned substantial income through farming would remain manageable within the household (BUKAYE,
 female FGD).
 Overall,
 social reputation and community moral judgment serve as informal constraints on technology adoption for both women and men,
 resulting in uneven diffusion across households.
 These narratives imply that technology adoption is viewed as a practice grounded in community norms,
 rather than a neutral technical choice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Market dynamics
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Across focus groups,
 participants described a non-neutral market with unequal access,
 price-setting practices,
 and with women facing a higher risk of being cheated by maize buyers,
 even though some respondents reported that prices can be equal for men and women under certain conditions.
 Both men and women claimed that traders frequently abuse information asymmetries,
 especially when interacting with women,
 who are regarded to be less knowledgeable about current market values.
 As one participant noted,
 “there is a difference as women are cheated because they think women are not knowledgeable” (Bubeto,
 male FGD).
 Others linked this directly to mobility and access to information,
 stressing that men are believed to be more informed because “men listen to the radios and get latest price updates” (Kigulamo,
 mixed male,
 FGD).
 Price discrimination was described not only in terms of lower offered prices,
 but through manipulation of weighing scales.
 Participants reported that similar maize bags could be weighed differently depending on the seller’s gender,
 resulting in systematic losses for women.
 Consequently,
 some men explicitly stated that women should not sell maize independently to avoid being cheated,
 as illustrated by one participant who explained,
 “my wife does not sell without me being around because I don’t want her to be cheated” (Bulumwaki,
 male FGD).
 These market dynamics may lead to structural income discrepancies between female and male-headed families,
 as maize sales in female-headed homes are typically handled by women,
 who are thus more vulnerable to gendered forms of price discrimination.
 In these circumstances,
 collective marketing via farming organizations and cooperatives was widely regarded as a technique for decreasing price discrimination and fraud.
 While some participants were wary about cooperatives,
 others emphasized that selling collectively allowed women and men to reach the same consumers,
 reducing knowledge gaps and limiting opportunistic behavior.
 As one participant explained,
 “that is why you see we want to all join groups,
 in a group\SpecialChar ldots
 they give you the same price—
the man and I the woman” (BUKAYE,
 female FGD).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Comment
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Add something that is broadly linked to Adoption of new seeds varieties
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Discussion and Limitations 
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:Discussion-and-Limitations"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This section will be further developed in the final version of the MSc thesis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Comment
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Given the substantial benefits of modern agricultural technologies,
 this study addresses a high-impact research area.
 While both men and women face adoption challenges,
 our focus is on understanding constraints specific to female farmers.
 The project will generate actionable evidence to enhance technology uptake among female smallholders in sub-Saharan Africa,
 a critical step toward building resilience in a vulnerable population.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Conclusions
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:Conclusions"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This section will be further developed in the final version of the MSc thesis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Comment
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
The study advances the literature by giving new context-specific evidence on potential gender-differentiated outcomes in smallholder maize farming,
 with particular attention to the role of hybrid seed varieties adoption as a key driver of agricultural performance.
 The findings have policy implications for equitable productivity and income outcomes in maize production in Eastern Uganda.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Acknowledgments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This section will be further developed in the final version of the MSc thesis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
\begin_inset Newpage newpage
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\lang english
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
btprint "btPrintCited"
bibfiles "../../literature/Farmer_gender"
options "../../literature/IFPRI_Style"
encoding "default"

\end_inset


\begin_inset Newpage newpage
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
References
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Agboh-Noameshie,
 A.
 R.,
 Kinkingninhoun-Medagbe,
 F.
 M.,
 & Diagne,
 A.
 (2007).
 Gendered impact of NERICA adoption on farmers’ production and income in Central Benin.
 In 2nd Conference of the African Association of Agricultural Economists,
 Accra,
 Ghana,
 18–22.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Ali,
 D.,
 Bowen,
 D.,
 Deininger,
 K.,
 & Duponchel,
 M.
 (2016).
 Investigating the gender gap in agricultural productivity:
 Evidence from Uganda.
 
\shape italic
World Development
\shape default
,
 87,
 152–170.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Anang,
 B.
 T.,
 Bäckman,
 S.,
 & Sipiläinen,
 T.
 (2020).
 Adoption and income effects of agricultural extension in northern Ghana.
 Scientific African,
 7,
 e00219.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Bello,
 L.
 O.,
 Baiyegunhi,
 L.
 J.,
 Danso-Abbeam,
 G.,
 & Ogundeji,
 A.
 A.
 (2021).
 Gender decomposition in smallholder agricultural performance in rural Nigeria.
 
\shape italic
Scientific African
\shape default
,
 13,
 e00875.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Blinder,
 A.
 S.
 (1973).
 Wage discrimination:
 Reduced form and structural estimates.
 
\shape italic
Journal of Human Resources
\shape default
,
 8,
 436–455.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Buehren,
 N.
 (2023).
 Gender and agriculture in Sub-Saharan Africa:
 Review of constraints and effective interventions.
 Gender Innovation Lab.
 World Bank,
 Washington,
 DC.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Dandonougbo,
 Y.,
 Atake,
 E.
 H.,
 Litaaba-Akila,
 D.,
 & Kouevidjin,
 D.
 (2023).
 Closing the income gap between male and female agricultural workers:
 the role of women empowerment in Togo's rural areas.
 Region et Developpement,
 57,
 63-80.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
De,
 A.,
 Miehe,
 C.,
 & Van Campenhout,
 B.
 (2024).
 Gender bias in customer perceptions:
 The case of agro-input dealers in Uganda.
 Agricultural Systems,
 217,
 103954.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
De la O Campos,
 A.
 P.,
 Covarrubias,
 K.
 A.,
 & Patron,
 A.
 P.
 (2016).
 How does the choice of the gender indicator affect the analysis of gender differences in agricultural productivity?
 Evidence from Uganda.
 World Development,
 77,
 17-33.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Djurfeldt,
 A.
 A.,
 Djurfeldt,
 G.,
 & Lodin,
 J.
 B.
 (2013).
 Geography of gender gaps:
 regional patterns of income and farm–nonfarm interaction among male-and female-headed households in eight African countries.
 World Development,
 48,
 32-47.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Duflo,
 E.,
 & Udry,
 C.
 R.
 (2004).
 Intrahousehold resource allocation in Cote d'Ivoire:
 Social norms,
 separate accounts and consumption choices.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO),
 2011.
 The State of Food and Agriculture 2010–2011 – Women in Agriculture:
 Closing the Gender Gap for Development.
 FAO,
 Rome,
 Italy.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Fortin,
 N.,
 Lemieux,
 T.,
 & Firpo,
 S.
 (2011).
 Decomposition methods.
 In O.
 Ashenfelter,
 & D.
 Card (Eds.).
 Handbook of labor economics (Vol.
 4,
 pp.
 1–102).
 Amsterdam,
 Netherlands:
 North-Holland,
 Part A
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Gilbert,
 R.
 A.,
 Sakala,
 W.
 D.,
 & Benson,
 T.
 D.
 (2002).
 Gender analysis of a nationwide cropping system trial survey in Malawi.
 
\shape italic
African Studies Quarterly
\shape default
,
 6(1).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Gine,
 X.,
 Patel,
 S.,
 Cuellar-Martinez,
 C.,
 McCoy,
 S.,
 & Ralph,
 L.
 (2015).
 Enhancing food production and food security through improved inputs:
 An evaluation of Tanzania’s National Agricultural Input Voucher Scheme with a focus on gender impacts.
 3ie Impact Evaluation Report No.
 23.
 New Delhi:
 International Initiative for Impact Evaluation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Gujarati,
 D.
 N.
 (2021).
 Essentials of econometrics.
 Sage Publications.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Horrell,
 S.,
 & Krishnan,
 P.
 (2007).
 Poverty and productivity in female-headed households in Zimbabwe.
 The journal of development studies,
 43(8),
 1351-1380.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Jann,
 B.
 (2008).
 The Blinder-Oaxaca decomposition for linear regression models.
 The Stata Journal,
 8(4),
 453–479.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Kikoyo,
 D.
 A.,
 & Nobert,
 J.
 (2016).
 Assessment of impact of climate change and adaptation strategies on maize production in Uganda.
 Physics and Chemistry of the Earth,
 Parts A/B/C,
 93,
 37-45.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Karamba,
 W.,
 & Winters,
 P.
 C.
 (2015).
 Gender and agricultural productivity:
 Implications of the Farm Input Subsidy Program in Malawi.
 
\shape italic
Agricultural Economics
\shape default
,
 46(3),
 357–374.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Kilic,
 T.,
 Palacios-López,
 A.,
 & Goldstein,
 M.
 (2015).
 Caught in a productivity trap:
 A distributional perspective on gender differences in Malawian agriculture.
 
\shape italic
World Development
\shape default
,
 70,
 416–463.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Kinkingninhoun-Mêdagbé,
 F.
 M.,
 Diagne,
 A.,
 Simtowe,
 F.,
 Agboh-Noameshie,
 A.
 R.,
 & Adégbola,
 P.
 Y.
 (2010).
 Gender discrimination and its impact on income,
 productivity,
 and technical efficiency:
 Evidence from Benin.
 
\shape italic
Agriculture and Human Values
\shape default
,
 27(1),
 57–69.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Mkuna,
 E.,
 & Wale,
 E.
 (2023).
 Gender differentials among small scale irrigation farmers’ income:
 Empirical evidence from cabbage farmers in KwaZulu-Natal,
 South Africa.
 Frontiers in Sustainable Food Systems,
 7,
 1155756.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Miehe,
 C.,
 Nabwire,
 L.,
 Sparrow,
 R.,
 Spielman,
 D.
 J.,
 & Van Campenhout,
 B.
 (in press).
 Miracle seeds:
 Biased expectations,
 complementary input use,
 and the dynamics of smallholder technology adoption.
 
\shape italic
Economic Development and Cultural Change
\shape default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Miehe,
 C.,
 Sparrow,
 R.,
 Spielman,
 D.
 J.,
 & Van Campenhout,
 B.
 (2025).
 The (perceived) quality of agricultural technology and its adoption:
 Experimental evidence from Uganda.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "Unpublished manuscript"
target "https://github.com/carolinemiehe/shared_documents/blob/main/Miehe_JMP.pdf?raw=true"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Mullahy,
 J.,
 & Norton,
 E.
 C.
 (2024).
 Why transform Y?
 The pitfalls of transformed regressions with a mass at zero.
 Oxford Bulletin of Economics and Statistics,
 86(2),
 417-447.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Ngoma,
 H.,
 Machina,
 H.,
 & Kuteya,
 A.
 N.
 (2021).
 Can agricultural subsidies reduce gendered productivity gaps?
 Panel data evidence from Zambia.
 
\shape italic
Development Policy Review
\shape default
,
 39(2),
 303–323.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Oaxaca,
 R.
 (1973).
 Male–female wage differentials in urban labor markets.
 
\shape italic
International Economic Review
\shape default
,
 14,
 693–709.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
O’Sullivan,
 M.,
 Rao,
 A.,
 Banerjee,
 R.,
 Gulati,
 K.,
 & Vinez,
 M.
 (2014).
 Levelling the field:
 Improving opportunities for women farmers in Africa.
 World Bank,
 Washington,
 DC.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Palacios-López,
 A.,
 Christiaensen,
 L.,
 & Kilic,
 T.
 (2016b).
 How much of the labor in African agriculture is provided by women?
 Food Policy,
 67,
 52–63.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Palacios-López,
 A.,
 & López,
 R.
 (2015).
 The gender Gap in Agricultural Productivity:
 The role of market Imperfections.
 The Journal of Development Studies,
 51(9),
 1175–1192.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Peterman,
 A.,
 Quisumbing,
 A.,
 Behrman,
 J.,
 & Nkonya,
 E.
 (2011).
 Understanding the complexities surrounding gender differences in agricultural productivity in Nigeria and Uganda.
 The Journal of Development Studies,
 47(10),
 1482–1509.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Peterman,
 A.,
 Behrman,
 J.
 A.,
 & Quisumbing,
 A.
 R.
 (2014).
 A review of empirical evidence on gender differences in nonland agricultural inputs,
 technology,
 and services in developing countries.
 Gender in agriculture:
 Closing the knowledge gap,
 145-186.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Reynolds,
 T.,
 Tobin,
 D.,
 Otieno,
 G.,
 McCracken,
 A.,
 & Guo,
 J.
 (2020).
 Differences in crop selection,
 resource constraints,
 and crop use values among female-and male-headed smallholder households in Kenya,
 Tanzania,
 and Uganda.
 Journal of Agriculture,
 Food Systems,
 and Community Development,
 9(4),
 1-28.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Sell,
 M.,
 Bäckman,
 S.,
 TettehAnang,
 B.,
 & Niemi,
 J.
 K.
 (2018).
 The unequal efficiency gap:
 Key factors influencing women farmer’s efficiency in Uganda.
 Cogent Food & Agriculture,
 4(1),
 1551750.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Sheahan,
 M.,
 & Barrett,
 C.
 B.
 (2017).
 Ten striking facts about agricultural input use in Sub\SpecialChar nobreakdash
Saharan Africa.
 
\shape italic
Food Policy
\shape default
,
 67,
 12–25.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Slavchevska,
 V.
 (2015).
 Gender differences in agricultural productivity:
 The case of Tanzania.
 Agricultural economics,
 46(3),
 335-355.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Suri,
 T.,
 & Udry,
 C.
 (2022).
 Agricultural technology in Africa.
 
\shape italic
Journal of Economic Perspectives
\shape default
,
 36(1),
 33–56.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Tiruneh,
 A.,
 Tesfaye,
 T.,
 Mwangi,
 W.,
 & Verkuijl,
 H.
 (2001).
 Gender differentials in agricultural production and decision-making among smallholders in Ada,
 Lume,
 and Gimbichu Woredas of the Central Highlands of Ethiopia.
 Cimmyt.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Wayagi,
 E.
 O.,
 Otieno,
 D.
 J.,
 Nyikal,
 R.
 A.,
 Okello,
 J.
 J.,
 & Kawarazuka,
 N.
 (2025).
 Gender gaps in potato productivity and the role of information and communication platforms in Kenya.
 Development in Practice,
 35(7),
 1037–1055.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Williamson,
 S.,
 Ball,
 A.,
 Pretty,
 J.,
 2008.
 Trends in pesticide use and drivers for safer pest management in four African countries.
 Crop Prot.
 27 (10),
 1327–1334.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
World Bank.
 (2021).
 Women’s economic empowerment in the Democratic Republic of the Congo:
 Obstacles and opportunities.
 Washington,
 DC:
 World Bank.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
World Bank.
 (2022).
 Closing gaps,
 increasing opportunities:
 A diagnostic on women’s economic empowerment in Nigeria.
 Washington,
 DC:
 World Bank.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Appendix
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This section will be further developed in the final version of the MSc thesis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
original:
 
\begin_inset Float table
placement class
alignment document
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Float table
placement class
alignment document
wide false
sideways true
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\series bold
Oaxaca – Blinder detailed decomposition of the gender gap in maize productivity
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
centering
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
setlength{
\backslash
tabcolsep}{4pt}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
renewcommand{
\backslash
arraystretch}{1.1}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{lrrr}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{4}{l}{
\backslash
textbf{Detailed decomposition —
 Maize productivity (IHS)}}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Variable & Endowment effect & Male structural advantage & Female structural disadvantage 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Variable[1]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Endowment[1]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Male_adv[1]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Female_dis[1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Variable[2]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Endowment[2]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Male_adv[2]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Female_dis[2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Variable[3]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Endowment[3]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Male_adv[3]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Female_dis[3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Variable[4]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Endowment[4]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Male_adv[4]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Female_dis[4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Variable[5]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Endowment[5]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Male_adv[5]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Female_dis[5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Variable[6]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Endowment[6]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Male_adv[6]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Female_dis[6]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Variable[7]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Endowment[7]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Male_adv[7]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Female_dis[7]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Variable[8]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Endowment[8]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Male_adv[8]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Female_dis[8]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Variable[9]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Endowment[9]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Male_adv[9]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Female_dis[9]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Variable[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Endowment[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Male_adv[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Female_dis[10]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Variable[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Endowment[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Male_adv[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Female_dis[11]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Variable[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Endowment[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Male_adv[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Female_dis[12]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Variable[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Endowment[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Male_adv[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Female_dis[13]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Variable[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Endowment[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Male_adv[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Female_dis[14]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Variable[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Endowment[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Male_adv[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_prod_star$Female_dis[15]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{4}{l}{
\backslash
footnotesize Notes:
 Stars denote significance based on bootstrapped SEs:
 *** p<0.01,
 ** p<0.05,
 * p<0.10.} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
centering
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
setlength{
\backslash
tabcolsep}{4pt}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
renewcommand{
\backslash
arraystretch}{1.1}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{lrrr}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{4}{l}{
\backslash
textbf{Detailed decomposition —
 Maize income (IHS)}}
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Variable & Endowment effect & Male structural advantage & Female structural disadvantage 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Variable[1]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Endowment[1]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Male_adv[1]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Female_dis[1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Variable[2]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Endowment[2]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Male_adv[2]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Female_dis[2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Variable[3]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Endowment[3]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Male_adv[3]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Female_dis[3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Variable[4]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Endowment[4]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Male_adv[4]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Female_dis[4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Variable[5]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Endowment[5]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Male_adv[5]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Female_dis[5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Variable[6]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Endowment[6]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Male_adv[6]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Female_dis[6]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Variable[7]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Endowment[7]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Male_adv[7]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Female_dis[7]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Variable[8]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Endowment[8]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Male_adv[8]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Female_dis[8]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Variable[9]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Endowment[9]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Male_adv[9]}  & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Female_dis[9]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Variable[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Endowment[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Male_adv[10]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Female_dis[10]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Variable[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Endowment[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Male_adv[11]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Female_dis[11]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Variable[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Endowment[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Male_adv[12]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Female_dis[12]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Variable[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Endowment[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Male_adv[13]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Female_dis[13]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Variable[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Endowment[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Male_adv[14]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Female_dis[14]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Variable[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Endowment[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Male_adv[15]} & 
\backslash
Sexpr{tab_det_inc_star$Female_dis[15]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
multicolumn{4}{l}{
\backslash
footnotesize Notes:
 Stars denote significance based on bootstrapped SEs:
 *** p<0.01,
 ** p<0.05,
 * p<0.10.} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Comment
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
- descriptive statistics midline e endline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
- logit results of adoption
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
- overlap of main variables at baseline 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
- detailed decomposition
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
- questions of the qualitative 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
